sectionhero_heroimage:
  - /assets/events/event-sydney-hero.jpg
intro_image:
  - /assets/events/sales-force-world-tour-img.jpg
masthead_replicator:
  - 
    type: masthead_replicator
    replicator_grid:
      - 
        text: |
          # A beautifully designed night out in NYC – you got this
          
          ## Don’t be busy, be productive! Keep your cool and enjoy an enviable night out at the Press Lounge – voted “best rooftop bar in NYC” – compliments of Precursive, the experts in beautifully designed resource management.
        filter_name: SydneyWT_Event_Page
        form_title: 'Cure yourself of ‘busy-ness’. <br/>Get Precursive’s Free Guide to Really Simple Resource Management.'
        form_action_url: https://hooks.zapier.com/hooks/catch/2061017/mqvirt/
        submit_success_message: Thanks! Please check your inbox to download the guide. 😀
        text_button_cta: Be cool
section_event_greater_text: |
  # Discover Precursive’s Really Simple Resource Management software at Booth S16
  
  Come meet us at Salesforce World Tour Sydney to find out why Precursive is the #1 app on Salesforce AppExchange® for resource scheduling, project planning and timesheets.
  
  Enjoy a free Resource Therapy Session and Orgasmatron® head massage – guaranteed to open your mind to a simpler way to optimise your resource planning.
section_picks_greater_title: "Who you'll be meeting"
top_picks_replicator:
  - 
    type: top_picks_grid
    image:
      - /assets/events/Marc-Jarvis.jpg
    text: |
      # Marc Jarvis
      ## **Co-founder & Managing Director APAC**
      
      Hailing from the UK, Marc is driving our mission to bring beautifully designed resource planning to the land Down Under.
  - 
    type: top_picks_grid
    image:
      - /assets/events/Precursive_Booth_babes.jpg
    text: |
      # Resource Therapists
      Precursive’s professional resource therapists are guaranteed to relieve stress, improve productivity and cure you of your busy-ness.
case_studies_header:
  - 
    case_studies_title: Maximise the productivity, performance and profitability of your people
    case_studies_subtitle: 'Speak with us at Salesforce World Tour to find out why Precursive is the #1 app on         Salesforce AppExchange for resource scheduling, project planning and timesheets.'
components:
  - 
    type: top_picks
    top_picks_title: Our Top Picks
    top_picks_subtitle: Come to visit us !
    top_picks_grid:
      - 
        text: |
          # Marc Jarvis
          ## **Co-founder & Managing Director APAC**
          
          Hailing from the UK, Marc is driving our mission to bring beautifully designed resource planning to the land Down Under.
        image:
          - /assets/events/Marc-Jarvis.jpg
      - 
        text: |
          # Resource Therapists
          Precursive’s professional resource therapists are guaranteed to relieve stress, improve productivity and cure you of your busy-ness.
        image:
          - /assets/events/Precursive_Booth_babes.jpg
title: Salesforce World Tour Sydney
tags: [ ]
id: 16cf3a5a-b89a-4159-84e2-095b2abccfcf
