sectionhero_heroimage:
  - /assets/events/event-sydney-hero.jpg
intro_image:
  - /assets/events/sales-force-world-tour-img.jpg
masthead_replicator:
  - 
    type: masthead_replicator
    replicator_grid:
      - 
        text: |
          # Get business productivity insights from our leading resource planning and optimisation experts
          
          ## We’re offering Salesforce World Tour Sydney attendees a free Resource Therapy Session and Orgasmatron® head massage, guaranteed to open your mind to a simpler way to manage resources.
        filter_name: SydneyWT_Event_Page
        form_title: Sign up for your free Resource Therapy Session
        form_action_url: https://hooks.zapier.com/hooks/catch/2061017/mqvirt/
        submit_success_message: Thanks! Please check your inbox to schedule your Resource Therapy session 😀.
section_event_greater_text: |
  # Precursive brings Really Simple Resource Planning to Salesforce World Tour Sydney
  
  Due to increasing demand from APAC customers, Precursive is opening shop in Sydney. And we’re bringing our most beautifully designed and effective resource management software with us.
  
  On **March 21st at Salesforce World Tour Sydney** we’re offering you a Resource Therapy Session to discuss how you currently manage your people and projects. We'll demonstrate how effective resource planning will increase your organisation's productivity, performance and profitability...  followed by an Orgasmatron® head massage, guaranteed to stimulate the senses and cure you of your busy-ness.
section_picks_greater_title: "Who you'll be meeting"
top_picks_replicator:
  - 
    type: top_picks_grid
    image:
      - /assets/events/Marc-Jarvis.jpg
    text: |
      # Marc Jarvis
      ## **Co-founder & Managing Director APAC**
      
      Hailing from the UK, Marc is driving our mission to bring beautifully designed resource planning to the land Down Under.
  - 
    type: top_picks_grid
    image:
      - /assets/events/Precursive_Booth_babes.jpg
    text: |
      # Resource Therapists
      Precursive’s professional resource therapists are guaranteed to relieve stress, improve productivity and cure you of your busy-ness.
title: Salesforce World Tour Sydney
id: 16cf3a5a-b89a-4159-84e2-095b2abccfcf
