thumbnail_greater_image: /assets/Dreamforce-Badge-1506404198.png
thumbnail_greater_title: Dreamforce 2017
thumbnail_greater_subtitle: November 6-9, 2017
components:
  - 
    type: masthead
    show_precursive_logo: true
    show_navigation_bar: true
    filter_name: no_filter
    form_title: Default Form Title
    form_action: https://precursive.com/
    form_action_text: Submit
    form_success_message: Form has been sent successfully!
    text: '# Blaze a Trail at the Learning Event of the Year'
    image_background: /assets/Dreamforce-Image-1506404227.png
  - 
    type: image_and_text
    text: |
      # Welcome to the Future of the Digital Business
      
      Come meet us at Dreamforce 2017 to find out why Precursive is the #1 app on Salesforce AppExchange® for workforce planning, project management and customer success.
      We’ll be sharing all the tips and tricks you need to boost productivity, performance and profitability, so you can take customer experience to the next level.
    background_color: '#ffffff'
    distribution: 4
    caption: 'Dreamforce 2017: Nov 6 -9, in San Francisco'
    image: /assets/crampton_dreamforce_1.jpg
  - 
    type: top_picks
    top_picks_title: 'Come visit us! '
    top_picks_subtitle: Learn more about Workforce Planning for the Digital Business
    top_picks_grid:
      - 
        image: /assets/events/speakers/Jonathan Corrie_image.jpg
        text: |
          # [Jonathan Corrie](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathanfcorrie/)
          ## **Chief Customer Officer**
          
          Hi. I'm responsible for everything to do with customers.
          
          Precursive helps a wide range of companies to help them grow their business including Arqiva, C Space, Comcast, Kantar Futures (WPP), SES Networks, and Unified Social.
      - 
        image: /assets/DP.jpg
        text: |
          # [Elaine Van](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elaine-van-17524818/)
          ## **Customer Success Manager**
          
          Hello! I’m here to help our partners grow and optimise their businesses through successful integration of our tech.
  - 
    type: standard_header
    header_data:
      - 
        header_title: Maximise the productivity, performance and profitability of your people
        header_subtitle: Customers of all sizes succeed with Precursive
        show_separator_line: true
  - 
    type: carousel_casestudy
    enable: true
tags: [ ]
title: Dreamforce 2017
id: 645874d9-2180-4b9d-81f7-d31f11c8493f
