thumbnail_greater_image: /assets/Events Page_Assets-02_New York-1492533121.png
thumbnail_greater_title: Salesforce World Tour New York
thumbnail_greater_subtitle: ""
components:
  - 
    type: masthead
    show_form: true
    filter_name: NewYorkWT_Event_Page
    form_title: Enter to win a $500 gift certificate at the Press Lounge.
    form_action: https://hooks.zapier.com/hooks/catch/2061017/186xa7/
    form_action_text: Be cool
    form_success_message: Thanks! Please check your inbox for more info – Stay cool. :)
    text: |
      # A beautifully designed night out in NYC – you got this
      
      ## Don’t be busy, be productive! Keep your cool and enjoy an enviable night out at the Press Lounge – voted “best rooftop bar in NYC” – compliments of Precursive, the experts in beautifully designed resource management.
    show_precursive_logo: true
    image_background:
      - /assets/Press_Lounge_0028-HDR-2-Edit-1600x900-1492532856.jpg
  - 
    type: image_and_text
    text: |
      # Discover Precursive’s Beautifully Designed Resource Management software
      
      Come meet us at Salesforce World Tour in New York City to find out why Precursive is the #1 app on Salesforce AppExchange® for resource scheduling, project planning and timesheets.
      
      We’ll be serving up all the tips and tricks you need to boost your business’s productivity, performance and profitability, so you can make every New York minute count.
    distribution: 2
    image:
      - /assets/Events Page_Assets-02_New York.png
  - 
    type: top_picks
    top_picks_title: "Who you'll be meeting"
    top_picks_grid:
      - 
        text: |
          # Jonathan Corrie
          ## **Chief Customer Officer**
          Hi. I'm responsible for everything to do with customers which means sales, service and advice.
        image:
          - /assets/Jonathan Corrie_image.jpg
      - 
        text: |
          # Stop being busy and start being cool in NYC
          ## **Free yourself of ‘busy-ness’ to be more creative and achieve operational excellence.**
          We’ve posted about these and a few other hot topics on our blog that we'll be happy to speak about at the event! [Read more.](https://precursive.com/blog/precursive-salesforce-world-tour-new-york)
        image:
          - /assets/EmpireState_533x533-1492533677.png
  - 
    type: standard_header
    header_data:
      - 
        header_title: Maximise the productivity, performance and profitability of your people
        header_subtitle: 'Speak with us at Salesforce World Tour to find out why Precursive is the #1 app on         Salesforce AppExchange for resource scheduling, project planning and timesheets.'
        show_separator_line: true
  - 
    type: carousel_casestudy
intro_image: /assets/1383944_41477562-1024x682.jpg
sectionhero_greater_title: Salesforce World Tour New York
sectionhero_greater_subtitle: ""
sectionhero_heroimage: [ ]
masthead_replicator: [ ]
top_picks_replicator: [ ]
case_studies_header: [ ]
tags: [ ]
title: Salesforce World Tour New York
id: 76bc0ef7-52f5-452c-8ef1-2f72aee2b7d7
