hero_image: /assets/casestudies/business-intelligence-for-small-businesses1.jpg
main_image: /assets/casestudies/mobile-working.jpg
related_customer: 5b454b00-bf11-4075-b5b3-49cfdcacf352
client_testimonial: I would strongly recommend Precursive for an SME organisation.
client_name: Paul Finch
client_role: IT Director
client_photo: /assets/Paul Finch.jpg
results:
  - Robust new processes enabled by Precursive
  - Integrated resource management solution with existing in-house CRM
  - Easy-to-use timesheets for consultants and contractors
  - Improved business intelligence on key business metrics such as revenue forecasting and utilisation
promoted: false
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: >
      Armstrong Craven is a global insight, talent mapping and pipelining specialist with offices in the
      UK and Singapore that works across a number of industry sectors including Technology, Healthcare and
      Life Sciences, Professional and Financial Services, Industrial and Consumer.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      We worked closely with Precursive to build the approach we wanted and the ability to customise when
      we needed to. I loved the face-to-face, hands-on approach – it’s been a real differentiator for
      us, we’ve had great support and advice.
    source: Paul Finch, IT Director
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      # Problems
      
      - Old resource planning and timesheet systems were difficult for staff and in particular associates to use
      - Lack of useable data or business intelligence to hekp the business grow
      - Need to better align sales with delivery and finance
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: 'Our users are really open to using Precursive. It’s so easy: you log on, you’re in, you enter your time! It’s that simple. Previously, we had issues where users couldn’t log on - they had to be in a certain environment to log on… Precursive has taken all that way: users can fill out timesheets on the train!'
    source: Paul Finch, IT Director
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      # Solution
      
      Precursive built a tailored solution that would support the customer's heavy use of contractors:
      
      + Integration with in-house CRM system
      
      + Pre-populated timesheets for contractors
      
      + Approval mechanism for clients to approve contractor timesheets
      
      + Blending of sales and operations data for business intelligence
title: Enhanced business intelligence for a talent consultancy
id: cfb81df8-dd10-4c0e-adbe-473c9fd2eb33
