hero_image:
  - /assets/casestudies/creative agency_500x333.jpg
main_image:
  - /assets/casestudies/creative.jpg
related_customer:
  - a0d2b3a2-bd32-4ed2-8e13-a73279c8a0ca
client_testimonial: >
  We really liked the look of the system. The layout and interface is cleaner and more attractive than
  other systems. It was easy to drive adoption, as it’s easy to use. We’re already seeing a lot of
  changes. I’d definitely recommend Precursive – it’s a good product and a great team!
client_name: Christopher Howard
client_role: Financial Controller
client_photo:
  - /assets/Chris Howard.jpg
results:
  - Real-time view of resource availability and capacity
  - Improved decision making regarding when to hire external staff
  - Better alignment of sales activities and consultancy team
  - Improved utilisation across departments
  - Consultants submit timesheets on mobile with improved submission rates
  - Higher quality of data for finance and operations team
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      > CSpace is a customer collaboration consultancy that connects the world’s best-known brands with the people they serve to create Customer Inspired Growth. Headquartered in Boston, London, and Shanghai,CSpace is a part of the Omni-Com Group. By cultivating connections between companies and their customers, CSpace helps businesses grow, improve performance, and design the products, services, and experiences customers want.
      
      PROBLEMS
      
      + The financial and resourcing information were located in different spreadsheets and owned by different people, meaning that there wasn’t a central place where that information could be assessed.
        
      + Capacity planning was difficult and it was difficult to link all information together to make informed decisions.
       
      + The problems had a negative impact on margins across the business, because it was difficult to see where available resources were. Freelancers were hired when there were available staff in-house.
      
      SOLUTION
      
      Precursive provided C Space with a solution built on the Salesforce platform that seamlessly integrated financial and resourcing data. This solution included:
      
      + Resource scheduling and capacity planning
      + Tracking project margins
      + Mobile timesheets
      + Reporting
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: "The margin tracker's a great tool for us, it really drives change and gives team leaders the data they need. It was easy to drive adoption as the system is easy to use; as soon as people submitted a timesheet once, it's pretty straightforward."
    source: Chris Howard, Financial Controller
title: Accurate view of project margins for a creative agency
id: f38eb52e-c0d7-4ca1-969f-f58588296775
