hero_image: /assets/casestudies/Satellite (1).jpg
main_image: /assets/casestudies/antenna-1486120215.jpg
related_customer: c98250c5-234b-4add-a353-56e2ab406930
client_testimonial: >
  Precursive has helped us to manage projects globally using simple to use integrated tools on the
  Salesforce platform. We have enjoyed working with Precursive because they are a niche company with
  dedicated and a very knowledgeable team.
client_name: Richard Vella
client_role: Head of Programme Office
client_photo: /assets/Richie Photo.jpg
results:
  - 'Increased alignment between sales, PMO, engineering and field service organisations. '
  - Reduced admin for the field engineers working in remote locations.
  - 'Tailored project management solution featuring automated project templates and tasks. '
  - 'Clear picture of project margins and costs for PMO. '
  - 'Global reporting across project portfolio for Executive Committee. '
promoted: false
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: '> O3b Networks, a global data service provider, transforms communications with a ground-breaking, next-generation satellite constellation, delivering the highest combination of throughput, low latency, coverage and availability. Unrivalled quality and performance has made the company the fastest growing in the industry and after two years in commercial operations O3b serves customers in more than 30 countries across the Americas, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific.'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      PROBLEMS
      
      + Operating in a global environment better alignment between sales activities and the field service organisation was needed to predict demand for engineering resources.
      
      + Tracking of costs and expenses of projects was not sufficiently formalised and the goal was to remove the use of spreadsheets
      
      + Global PMO needed a robust toolset to help run projects, resourcing and task management.
      
      + Insufficient data and reporting for C-Level team for the global portfolio of projects.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: 'Precursive helps us to manage projects globally using simple to use integrated tools on the Salesforce Platform.  Instead of using multi-platforms such as Salesforce, Excel Spreadsheets and MS Project to track projects the Precursive tool integrates all these features which enables the PMO to have visibility of all projects and be able to provide specific reports for senior managers. The results we see with Precursive is improved project timelines, finding efficiencies and therefore reduce our costs in delivering projects. '
    source: Richard Vella, Head of Programme Management Office
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      SOLUTION
      
      Precursive worked with a range of business and technology stakeholders to implement a solution, which dovetailed with a broader business transformation programme. This solution featured:
      
      + Native integration with Salesforce CRM to allow PMO to pre-plan upcoming projects, allocate resources and start projects promptly.
      
      + Combined solution of Precursive and Taskfeed to address resource management, project management, task allocation and project/expense budgeting.
      
      + Customised reporting functionality to show a global view of all project performance by merging Precursive data with Google Charts Visualisation.
      
      + Advisory services on governance and process issues to deploy best practices.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: 'We have enjoyed working with Precursive because they are a niche company with dedicated and a very knowledgeable team.  We chose Precursive against a number of vendors because they listened to our requirements, rather than telling us what we needed.  On selection, we were able to build on our requirements and their expertise from experiences with other customers to improve the features of the tool. The product was delivered on time and on budget.  Post-delivery, the team have been 100% committed.'
    source: Richard Vella, Head of Programme Management Office
title: Improving project delivery and revenues for a Satellite Communications Provider
id: 8eec66cb-c38e-4baf-a375-f70c58199d9f
