hero_image:
  - /assets/backgrounds/working-1-1485428289.jpg
related_customer:
  - f2774637-7d3a-4e93-a25a-859c595791f1
client_testimonial: >
  Precursive created a future view of resources on a granular basis that dynamically changed as both
  my business and my customers’ businesses changed.
client_name: James Jefferd
client_role: 'Head of the SaaS Practice, UK & Ireland at Fujitsu'
client_photo:
  - /assets/james jefferd.jpg
results:
  - >
    Consulting teams able to complete their timesheets in under a minute, delivering considerable
    productivity improvements across the workforce.
  - >
    Project managers now have access to integrated reporting with up-to-date information they can use to
    improve decision-making around resourcing in the business.
  - Gaps in resourcing are visible months in advance with open positions filled quickly.
  - Comprehensive reporting on key business metrics.
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: '> Fujitsu is one of the world’s best-known technology brands, with a global ICT portfolio that spans product, services and solutions expertise. Fujitsu’s operations in the UK and Ireland employ over 14,000 people, delivering annual revenues of over £1.8 billion.'
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      Precursive created a future view of resources on a granular basis that dynamically changed as both
      my business and my customers’ businesses changed.
    source: 'James Jefferd, Head of the SaaS Practice, UK & Ireland'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      # Challenges
      
      + Multiple systems used for resource management with no “single view of the truth”
      
      + No clear view of capacity based on forecast and scheduled projects
      
      + Consultants found submitting timesheets in Oracle to be time consuming
      
      + Lack of reliable data or reporting
      
      
      # Solution
      
      Precursive provided a tailored solution with the ability to bring together forecasts and timesheets in one simple space that the entire team had access to, removing the need for consultants and managers to keep switching between the three separate systems.
      
      The solution featured:
      
      + Resource Planning
      + Capacity Planning
      + Budget Tracking
      + Reporting
      + Integration with existing Fujitsu Systems
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      Precursive provides one single view of the truth, within which running reports is a fast and
      painless process thanks to the simple interface
    source: 'James Jefferd, Head of the SaaS Practice, UK & Ireland'
  - 
    type: paragraph
title: A single view of the truth in the enterprise
tags:
  - automation
  - resource-management
id: 8f0c302d-0337-46ff-909f-a548eb1592db
