hero_image:
  - /assets/backgrounds/working-1-1485428289.jpg
main_image:
  - /assets/backgrounds/working-3-1485428290.jpg
related_customer:
  - f2774637-7d3a-4e93-a25a-859c595791f1
client_testimonial: >
  Precursive created a future view of resources on a granular basis that dynamically changed as both
  my business and my customers’ businesses changed.
client_name: James Jefferd
client_role: 'Head of the SaaS Practice, UK & Ireland at Fujitsu'
client_photo:
  - /assets/people/AAEAAQAAAAAAAAZRAAAAJGYyMDJjNjcwLWQ1ODItNDhjNi05NDJmLWNhNmFkMDA0NWJjZg.jpg
results:
  - complete and file timesheets in under a minute
  - integrated reporting
  - up-to-date information
  - Improve decision making
  - Consultants able to control their own schedule of appointments
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: >
      Fujitsu is one of the world’s best-known technology brands, with a global ICT portfolio that spans
      product, services and solutions expertise. Fujitsu’s operations in the UK and Ireland employ over
      14,000 people, delivering annual revenues of over £1.8 billion.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: The team were professional, courteous and eager to tailor the solution to meet my specific needs.
    source: 'James Jefferd, Head of the SaaS Practice, UK & Ireland at Fujitsu'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Over the past decade, Fujitsu has created the industry’s broadest portfolio of cloud solutions and has a growing software-as-a-service (SaaS) team which manages Salesforce.com and Now Desk projects for customers across the UK.
      
      # Challenges
      
      As with any professional services business, Fujitsu is focused on ensuring that its consultants are staffed to the right projects at the right time, in the most efficient way possible. This means managers need to know who’s available and what skills they have, to reduce reliance on more expensive outside contractors.
      
      However, achieving this with team members distributed across the UK was proving a considerable challenge for the Company, which used multiple systems for resource management like many businesses of its size and complexity.
      
      Fujitsu wanted a consolidated space that would allow managers to have a single, up-to-date overview –
      instead of being reliant on individual spreadsheets for forecasting and scheduling, a proprietary system for vacation management and Oracle SST, which was used for timesheeting.
      
      In addition, Fujitsu wanted to make timesheet submission easier and quicker for its consultants.
      
      # Solution
      
      In Spring 2013, Fujitsu began using Precursive’s resource management platform across its SaaS team.
      
      Precursive was selected for its unique ability to bring together forecasts and timesheets in one simple space that the entire team had access to, removing the need for consultants and managers to keep switching between the three separate systems.
      
      It took less than a day to get the whole team up and running with Precursive. Integration with existing systems took the Precursive implementation team just a few hours, and consultants were invited to join a 30-minute introductory session to learn the basics. Following the initial session, further support was offered via one-to-one email and an online support centre.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      Precursive created a future view of resources on a granular basis that dynamically changed as both
      my business and my customers’ businesses changed.
    source: 'James Jefferd, Head of the SaaS Practice, UK & Ireland at Fujitsu'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Timesheets are now submitted on a weekly basis using the Precursive platform, which automatically sends reminder emails to consultants and issues notifications of overdue timesheets.
      
      As Fujitsu already used Salesforce.com across the business, using a Salesforce.com partner like Precursive, which has based its software on the trusted and secure Force.com platform, substantially cut the implementation risk for the Company.
      
      # Results
      
      Using Precursive, Fujitsu’s SaaS consulting team is able to complete and fi le their timesheets in under a minute, delivering considerable productivity improvements across the workforce.
      
      With the timesheets delivered and processed promptly, project managers now have access to integrated reporting with up-to-date information they can use to improve decision-making around resourcing in the business.
      
      > Precursive created a future view of resources on a granular basis that dynamically changed as both my business and my customers’ businesses changed.
      
      > Consultants were able to control their own schedule of appointments, and as head of the team I was able to maintain control and visibility, giving me greater confidence in resourcing decisions and the ability to answer unexpected demands.
      
      Thanks to Precursive, gaps in resourcing are visible months in advance, and positions can be filled quickly in the event that a consultant suddenly becomes unavailable. To get immediate snapshots of Fujitsu’s resourcing position, Jefferd now runs regular reports:
      
      > Precursive provides one single view of the truth, within which running reports is a fast and painless process thanks to the simple interface, and regular automatic emails ensure that everyone involved in resource management is on the same page.
      
      > Precursive saved me lots of time creating and joining reports from different sources to gain a single view of the resourcing status. Manual handling errors were removed and availability of information was spread across the team more easily.
      
      > The team were professional, courteous and eager to tailor the solution to meet my specific needs. Precursive off ered great customer service.
title: 'Precursive & Fujitsu — resource management and time-sheeting'
id: 8f0c302d-0337-46ff-909f-a548eb1592db
tags:
  - automation
  - resource-management
