hero_image:
  - /assets/casestudies/acsn.jpg
main_image:
  - /assets/casestudies/acsn.jpg
related_customer:
  - 661839f5-7c2e-4713-bb10-682c72bbc418
client_testimonial: >
  Precursive is a good tool which works well; it’s a user-friendly system. We definitely have more
  visibility and clearer rotas now. The support team have been excellent – our requirements were
  very specific and put a lot of demand on them, and they’ve just been fantastic. I’d recommend
  them to anyone.
client_name: Peter Randles
client_role: Operations Director
client_photo:
  - /assets/Peter Vector.png
results:
  - 'Too much time to plan projects. '
  - 'Lack of accurate time recording, and whether a project was running to budget. '
  - >
    All planning and reporting was done in Excel spreadsheets, which made maintaining up-to-date
    information difficult.
  - 'Static reporting which often featured out of date information. '
  - >
    Project Managers have to handle complex projects with frequent changes that was very difficult to
    maintain.
promoted: true
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      > Reliance acsn plans, structures, deploys, tests, and manages IT security infrastructure. Its accredited experts have in-depth knowledge of IT security infrastructure, and know what it takes to create and support current security requirements. Its teams currently manage over 1,000 security devices across five continents, and its clients span multiple sectors including banking, telecoms, retail, government, insurance and leisure.
      
      
      ## Problems
      
      - Too much time to plan projects.
      - Lack of accurate time recording, and whether a project was running to budget.
      - All planning and reporting was done in Excel spreadsheets, which made maintaining up-to-date information difficult.
      - Static reporting which often featured out of date information.
      - Project Managers have to handle complex projects with frequent changes that was very difficult to maintain.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: |
      Precursive is a good tool. The timesheets work well; it’s a user-friendly system. We
      definitely have more visibility and clearer rotas now. The support team have been
      excellent – our requirements were very specific and put a lot of demand on them,
      and they’ve just been fantastic. I’d recommend them to anyone.
    source: Peter Randles, Operations Director
tags:
  - it
  - consulting
title: Increasing productivity for security consultants
id: e81a7fd0-869f-4a80-bc30-90576bd390f7
