hero_image:
  - /assets/casestudies/Satellite (1).jpg
main_image:
  - /assets/casestudies/antenna.jpg
related_customer:
  - c98250c5-234b-4add-a353-56e2ab406930
client_testimonial: >
  Precursive has helped us to manage projects globally using simple to use integrated tools on the
  Salesforce platform. We have enjoyed working with Precursive because they are a niche company with
  dedicated and a very knowledgeable team.
client_name: Richard Vella
client_role: Head of Programme Office
client_photo:
  - /assets/Richie Photo.jpg
results:
  - 'Increased alignment between sales, PMO, engineering and field service organisations. '
  - Reduced admin for the field engineers working in remote locations.
  - 'Tailored project management solution featuring automated project templates and tasks. '
  - 'Clear picture of project margins and costs for PMO. '
  - 'Global reporting across project portfolio for Executive Committee. '
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: '> O3b Networks, a global data service provider, transforms communications with a ground-breaking, next-generation satellite constellation, delivering the highest combination of throughput, low latency, coverage and availability. Unrivalled quality and performance has made the company the fastest growing in the industry and after two years in commercial operations O3b serves customers in more than 30 countries across the Americas, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific.'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      + Operating in a global environment better alignment between sales activities and the field service organisation was needed to predict demand for engineering resources.
      
      + Tracking of costs and expenses of projects was not sufficiently formalised and the goal was to remove the use of spreadsheets
      
      + Global PMO needed a robust toolset to help run projects, resourcing and task management.
      
      + Insufficient data and reporting for C-Level team for the global portfolio of projects.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: 'Precursive has helped us to manage projects globally using simple to use integrated tools on the Salesforce Platform.  Instead of using multi-platforms such as Salesforce, Excel Spreadsheets and MS Project to track projects the Precursive tool integrates all these features which enables the PMO to have visibility of all projects managed by project managers and able to provide specific reports for senior managers as well as the Precursive bespoke global charts view snapshot of project data.'
    source: Richard Vella
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Precursive worked with a range of business and technology stakeholders to implement a solution, which dovetailed with a broader business transformation programme. This solution featured:
      
      + Native integration with Salesforce CRM to allow PMO to pre-plan upcoming projects, allocate resources and start projects promptly.
      
      + Combined solution of Precursive and Taskfeed to address resource management, project management, task allocation and project/expense budgeting.
      
      + Customised reporting functionality to show a global view of all project performance by merging Precursive data with Google Charts Visualisation.
      
      + Advisory services on governance and process issues to deploy best practices.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: |
      Project Managers are able to request resources within specific phases of a project and the PMO can schedule, allocate and approve these resources to ensure Field Engineers times are being managed efficiently and not double booked.  Their costs against their daily rates and expenses can also be captured, so we have a true reflection of project costs as well as adding any additional costs such as equipment etc if these needed to tracked.  Project Managers are able to approve the expenses and Invoices can be uploaded as part of the expenses approval process.
      
      Triggers within Salesforce ensure that Opportunities are turned into a Project automatically on closure by the sales team. This creates a Project in Precursive based on the particular ‘Product Type’ being sold to the customer.  Each Product Type has a generic template of tasks split into a number of “O3b gates” and Project Managers and internal activity owners are given tasks to manage within a given a project schedule.  Task owners are advised when tasks are due and which ones are overview.  PMO is able to track progress of tasking and therefore able to be proactive and prompt Task Owners who may be delaying the project.  The results we are seeing in using the Precursive Tool is that we can reduce Project timelines, find efficiencies and therefore reduce our costs in delivering the project.
title: Supporting the growth of a satellite communications provider
id: 8eec66cb-c38e-4baf-a375-f70c58199d9f
