title: The online timesheet, as portrayed in tweets
subtitle: Tweet, Tweet, Tweet
intro_image: /assets/online_timesheet_twitter.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/download-tweets.jpg
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      When I first started working here at Precursive, I had a little nose around the space on social media space to find out what we were dealing with. One of the first things I did was plug the word "online timesheet" into Twitter - the results were insightful.
      
      What's immediately obvious, if you <a href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%22timesheet%22" target="_blank">do the search</a>, is that people hate filling out timesheets - with a passion. Some of the (global) comments about timesheeting are funny, some are pretty rude, but the thing that almost all of them have in common is frustration. One day I'm going to make an infographic on this, but from a cursory glance it seems that the grievances are pretty much related to timesheets being submitted late, then the complexity of the timesheet process, then software frustrations.
      
      Some of the choice comments, just from the past 48 hours, are below (names and profanities have been redacted) - do any of them sound familiar to you or your organisation?
      
      &nbsp;
      <blockquote>"Customer Experience" + SAP ... hmm, I'm not feelin it when filling out my timesheet or requesting leave :)</blockquote>
      &nbsp;
      <blockquote>Getting underpaid because I never handed in my timesheet really is a great feeling <a href="http://twitter.com/search?q=%23nae">#nae</a></blockquote>
      &nbsp;
      <blockquote>A new timesheet system was introduced in the office last week. The sounds of cursing still reverberate through the office halls</blockquote>
      &nbsp;
      <blockquote>Hooray! My timesheet is going to get slightly less complicated.</blockquote>
      &nbsp;
      <blockquote>Bout to run to my job to turn in my timesheet</blockquote>
      &nbsp;
      <blockquote>Guy behind me is bragging about getting his timesheet in on time. <a href="http://twitter.com/search?q=%23americanhero">#americanhero</a></blockquote>
      &nbsp;
      <blockquote>it was a delightful ride, but I'm not playing this silly timesheet game anymore.</blockquote>
      &nbsp;
      
      Obviously, if these people were using Precursive, the story would be very different :-)
      
      <em>What's your biggest timesheet gripe?</em>
id: df24eff2-38ec-4a2d-a6e2-6f82029bd732
