title: Eight Salesforce Chatter tips to try
intro_image: /assets/download.jpeg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/download.jpeg
author:
  - 52e420fa-09df-4c7e-8deb-2ad05c059bb6
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Salesforce.com's Chatter tool is a hugely helpful tool for many types of business, bringing the benefits of social interaction many employees expect into an enterprise environment in a safe and efficient way.
      
      Since integrating Chatter fully into the latest version of Precursive, we've been using it extensively - here are ten tips we think everyone should know in order to make the most of their Chatter experience.
      
      <strong>Download Chatter Desktop (or mobile)</strong>
      
      We can't emphasise this one enough. It's a drag to have to stay logged in via the browser, but Chatter desktop basically makes chatter a realistic competitor to networking tools such as Skype or Google Chat - it means you don't need to worry about keeping anything open.
      
      Going mobile is easy as well, as there are apps available for Android and iOS.
      
      <strong>Embed Content</strong>
      
      It's tempting to restrict chatter to text-only discussions. But YouTube videos, pictures and many other forms of multimedia content can be embedded, just like on Facebook. Take advantage of this to share motivational videos, competitor intelligence, explainer videos or other multimedia content.
      
      You can also share files easily without clogging up everyone's email accounts - upload files to a public post, and everyone will be able to download them. Using the 'Files' tab you can also select who you'd like to share files with.
      
      <strong>Use your champions</strong>
      
      For a successful implementation of Chatter, you'll need the big guns on board. Use your executive leadership team to show that Chatter is now integrated in the business and expected of all employees - by setting an example, they'll validate the technology and evangelise the system so that others to jump on board as well.
      
      <strong>Expand the team</strong>
      
      If you only have Salesforce.com licenses for some users in your organisation, you can still use Chatter site-wide. Chatter is free for all employees (assuming you have one CRM license).
      
      <strong>Use Hashtags</strong>
      
      Just like Twitter, it's possible to thread various comments using hashtags with Chatter. So a hashtag could be used for all comments relating to a certain company, for instance, or all conversations relating to a topic of interest to a department. Hashtags are then also autosuggested as you post and are available as a conversation.
      
      <strong>Keep it brief</strong>
      
      Chatter doesn't require formalities - it's not a place for Dear, Hi, Kind Regards, Yours Sincerely or any of these email familiarities. Instead, write in short, succinct sentences, tagging people as required so that they are notified of their involvement in the chat.
      
      <strong>Create groups</strong>
      
      Non-work-related Chatter conversations are often discouraged, but there is a place for this kind of communication - if employees want to discuss the news stories of the day, for instance, or ideas for an upcoming event, there's no reason this shouldn't be communicated via Chatter. Using groups can help facilitate this - privacy settings are flexible. Just ensure that the next and final tip is followed:
      
      <strong>Set boundaries</strong>
      
      It's worth compiling an etiquette guide for Chatter usage within your organisation. Employees should know exactly what's acceptable and what isn't before they start using Chatter to avoid any misunderstandings further down the line. These should be compiled and circulated widely by the HR team.
id: 7972f9fe-f182-493a-b73f-18b5806aa999
