title: 'Resource management tasks '
subtitle: New from Precursive
intro_image: /assets/pexels-photo (1).jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/pexels-photo (1).jpg
author:
  - 52e420fa-09df-4c7e-8deb-2ad05c059bb6
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Today, Precursive is pleased to launch resource management tasks as part of a major update to its Salesforce.com-based platform.
      
      The new tasks functionality allows project managers to quickly set up component tasks for each project they’re working on, breaking them down into simple checklists used to monitor progress.
      
      Any task created for a project can be assigned to specific members of the project team, set an estimated completion date and assigned an effort estimation. A simple check box shows the completion of both tasks and their constituent checklists.
      
      Reporting on tasks is a breeze too, thanks to Precursive’s simple drag-and-drop report-building interface.
      
      Resource management tasks are one of the most-requested Precursive features, so we’re delighted to bring them to our users with this major update, which also includes more standard reports to help make sense of the data Precursive collects from projects, schedules and timesheets.
      
      To get a better idea of how resource management tasks work, check out our YouTube video below. And if you'd like to see for yourself how Precursive can help your business, <a title="Free Trial" href="http://www.precursive.com/features">click here to read about our native Saleforce app</a> today.
      
      &nbsp;
      
      <iframe src="//www.youtube.com/embed/Bb1z6E7K3xY?rel=0" height="315" width="420" allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0"></iframe>]]>
id: 75902623-b959-4b98-b914-b6fd1417a1bd
