title: How a UK ISV showed US traction for under $100
subtitle: Dreamforce 13
intro_image: /assets/430394_431298216906368_519570359_n_o6gars.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/430394_431298216906368_519570359_n_o6gars.jpg
author:
  - 52e420fa-09df-4c7e-8deb-2ad05c059bb6
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      We were reflecting the other day on the international opportunities that abound at Dreamforce - it's a great place for international ISVs to get their product out there in the US. However, it's an expensive investment by most standards, and for a UK-based ISV even more so - you can rack up a bill of thousands just attending, and many, many times that if you want a display.
      
      After a lot of trial and error here at Precursive, we've generated a considerable amount of traction in America over the past six months without spending anywhere near those sums of money - in fact, one of our primary lead generation tools today has cost us virtually nothing. So if you're a fledgling ISV who can't stretch to the #DF13 trip this year, perhaps the thoughts below will help build the momentum you'll need to justify Dreamforce in 2014.
      
      <strong>Step 1) Define your proposition REALLY clearly</strong>
      
      A key learning for us from last year's Dreamforce was that our product descriptions were hazy to US buyers. For some reason (perhaps politeness), British businesses seem OK with not being 100% clear on exactly what it is you do. Not the case in the US. We kept getting mistaken for a services business, so we put mammoth effort into boiling down our proposition (cloud-based resource management software) into terms everybody could understand. It's an ongoing process, but we get mistaken for an outsourced HR centre a lot less nowadays…
      
      <strong>Step 2) Invest in the AppExchange</strong>
      
      Consider the AppExchange as an online Dreamforce - thousands of potential Salesforce.com customers, all milling around and browsing for things that can help them do business. If you're not listed on the AppExchange, you're missing out.
      
      Having reviewed a couple of listings recently, I'd strongly recommend having a professional copywriter look at your app description and make sure that it is clear on what it is you do. If it's not immediately obvious, you'll lose anyone who lands on your page.
      
      It's probably worth doing the first draft yourself and then paying a writer to polish the words - but make sure you pay attention to the keywords you want to be found for when people search. Search for 'timesheets' in the AppExchange and you'll see we're one of the top results, because we invested significant time and effort into tweaking the keywords and product categories. You'll want to play with these over time and note the results as shown by the analytics pages in the AppExchange Publisher Console.
      
      We also paid a freelance graphic designer to come up with some good images for our listing that make them stand out from the rest of the information on there - this is where the bulk of the $100 went. Don't underestimate what a big difference professional images can make.
      
      <strong>Step 3) Capture leads properly</strong>
      
      People hate being asked to fill out forms. If you click through to our website from the AppExchange (and a lot of people do), you'll normally be asked for just two fields so that we can get in touch with you. When we had an eight-field form, nobody filled it out. Now, we capture all leads straight into our Salesforce.com organisation, where they are handled by the sales team.
      
      <strong>Step 4) Use Webex</strong>
      
      Our product demos are all run using Webex (available free, or very cheaply), which allows us to cater to US buyers very effectively - most are used to the Webex system and the company provides a freephone US dial-in so it's not immediately obvious the partner they're dealing with is thousands of miles away. For this reason, we'd strongly recommend this software as it makes life so much easier - although showing up to calls in crazy timezones is something you'll still have to manage alone!
id: 46669f7a-8d0f-4154-b18e-ce4dc54d333d
