title: 5 Top profit maximisation tips for all SMEs
intro_image: /assets/pexels-photo-210990.jpeg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/pexels-photo-210990.jpeg
author:
  - 52e420fa-09df-4c7e-8deb-2ad05c059bb6
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      The spotlight over the past five days has been firmly placed on the growing technology scene in the United Kingdom due to London Tech Week. Being a small tech start-up ourselves, we thought we’d share with you some of our top tips for making sure you’re fully utilising not just your personnel, but every resource an SME has, to make sure you’re minimising costs and so maximising profit.
      
      <strong>1) Office space</strong>
      
      A 2009 study by The Operational Efficiency Programme, published by HM Treasury, found that the majority of local government buildings operated with a desk occupancy rate of just 45pc. As the culture about office working continues to rapidly evolve, have a careful think about how much office space you really need. If you have a number of people who prefer to work from home, embracing this fact could help you cut your overheads on property. Importantly, think about how your needs will change as your company grows. You may be small now, but if you grow rapidly, you’ll need a space that is flexible enough to accommodate your demands. Office share programs where you rent space by the desk, such as the one we are a part of in Brixton, can be a fantastic solution
      
      <strong>2) Travel </strong>
      
      Anyone who has to commute into their office via Britain’s bulging train network will know full and well how expensive it is, and with ticket prices rising faster than inflation, it’s not getting any cheaper. Think about whether you need to be in the office at 9am. Could you work from home for a couple of hours, or adjust your schedule to start later, in order to take advantage of off-peak pricing? If so, the potential savings are huge. In addition, if you need to travel to meet clients, try to schedule meetings times together to reduce the number of trips you find yourself taking.
      
      <strong>3) Phone Contracts</strong>
      
      In a study conducted by Forbes, it was found that the average stipend provided to employees in the USA for mobile expenses was a staggering US$85. Of course, being available to your customers should be at the top of your list of priorities, but think about ways in which you may be able to cut down your phone bill. More and more people are turning to conference-calling software such as Skype and join.me for pre-arranged calls, which in many cases are free to use. If you can trim down your phone plan by even £5 per person/month, the savings over a year really will add up. On the other side, take care not to go over your monthly allowance. Mobile phone companies receive 25 pc of their revenue from mobile data, and this number is only growing. It may well be cheaper to increase your monthly allowance, than allow your staff to incur fees for running over.
      
      <strong>4) Coffee</strong>
      
      Now, I would never be as cruel as to suggest that you should ban coffee from your office. In fact, I’d probably go as far as to say you’d most likely suffer from a <em>drop</em> in performance if you did! However, <a href="%20http://www.peopleprocesstech.com/the-true-cost-of-our-caffeine-addiction-and-why-nespresso-is-not-the-answer">this article</a> provides a really interesting analysis of the cost of various coffee making methods. As I’m sure you’re all aware, going out to your local Caffe Nero or Starbucks is by far the most expensive solution for habitual coffee consumers, which has lead to the rise of the likes of the Nespresso machine (we have one in our kitchen, and we wouldn’t be without it.) But did you know, based on a consumption of three cups a day, despite the larger upfront machine cost it is actually cheaper to invest in an automatic espresso machine? Plus, it gives you the opportunity to support local businesses through where you purchase your beans, and you arguably get a better cup of coffee. Win win all round.
      
      <strong>5) Social Networking</strong>
      
      Lastly, the ultimate killer of productivity, social networking. Although some of us are required to spend our days tweeting as part of our roles, the vast majority of work-time spent on social networks is pure procrastination.  A study undertaken by Forbes estimates that approximately half of all employees spend somewhere between 1 – 5 hours on non-related work website, with a whopping 3pc recording 10+ hours! The reasons behind this are numerous, but largely come down to the fact that employees feel they are not challenged, there’s no incentive to work harder, or they are just plain bored. Although this can be hard to change, one solution is to ensure that you use a system where employees can easily see exactly what they should be working on, which can help set micro-targets for employees, as well as give them an idea of where they are heading with their work.
      
      Do you recognise some of these problems in your own business, or do you have any other top tips for how to maximise profit in an SME? Get in touch in the comments below, or through social media (don’t worry, it counts as work), and let us know!
id: b9ea6bcc-9529-4810-82f5-cf26146a9811
