title: 5 Degrees of Separation
intro_image: /assets/pexels-photo-265702.jpeg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/pexels-photo-265702.jpeg
author:
  - 52e420fa-09df-4c7e-8deb-2ad05c059bb6
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      In this blog article, we explore why exhibition agencies and management consultancies are more similar than you think, and why effective resource management is so integral to both of their operations.
      
      Yesterday, we published an exclusive glimpse of one of our soon to be published case studies on DMG Events. I said in my post that I think they’re one of our most interesting companies, and this is because they represent a diversification from our typical client base, namely management consultancies. This got me to thinking about the two, and came across a number of similarities that leads both industries to seek our help.
      <ul>
      <li><em>Both rely on word-of-mouth</em></li>
      </ul>
      Management consultancies advise, exhibition planners organise, but both rely on their reputation within the industry for business. One unhappy client, one poorly executed trade-show, and both feel the effects on future business. In industries where word of mouth is key, and words travel fast, a project failure can be disastrous.
      <ul>
      <li><em>Both face the risk of debt write-down</em></li>
      </ul>
      Both parties in question are paid tomorrow based on work done today, and so have to factor expected revenue into their balance sheets. If a project does fail, it can have greater repercussions on more than just reputation. A client refusing to pay due to poor results means a bad debt write-off, something I think we can agree companies want to avoid at all costs.
      <ul>
      <li><em>Both rely on staff working across multiple accounts</em></li>
      </ul>
      As projects go through cycles, they require different levels of man-power at different times. This is why companies smartly assign multiple accounts to their staff, ideally allowing them to efficiently conduct business with the fewest number of staff possible.
      <ul>
      <li><em>Staff are the main asset of both companies</em></li>
      </ul>
      Tech companies such as ourselves sell software as a service. Product designers sell blueprints. Bakers sell bread. All three examples include some form of product, but both management consultancies and exhibition agencies sell their people, or more accurately their people’s time. As a result, if they don’t have the staff, they can’t take on more work, meaning they limit their revenue.
      <ul>
      <li><em>Both rely on accurate timesheet data to bill clients</em></li>
      </ul>
      No one client will pay for more than the hours they received, but most will happily pay less. As management consultancies and exhibition agencies both juggle multiple clients at the same time it’s imperative that they both accurately record how many hours are spent on each client, in order for all billable work to be accounted for. Timesheets are therefore crucial.
      
      <strong>The Bottom Line </strong>
      
      From these five points, it becomes clear why efficient resource management is a necessity for both management consultancies and exhibition agencies alike. Our clients in both industries listed the shortage of staff at crucial points in projects as the most likely cause of project failure. Without a system to easily see who has extra capacity and can step in, as well as the ability to look ahead and spot potential shortages, project failure can turn from a fear into a reality very quickly.
      
      This is often why both industries tend to suffer from a larger than necessary wage bill. If their people aren’t fully utilised, they are immediately required to hire more staff to meet the demand for services, further driving up what is already their largest overhead.
      
      An effective resource management system can therefore not only reap huge rewards, but provide added peace of mind, something clients across a multitude of industries have told us. By clearly displaying staff allocation it is easy to measure staff utilisation, as well as foresee shortages in personnel that can’t be covered by existing capacity and so require a round of hiring. This way, the cost of wages can be kept as streamlined as possible without fear of project failure. In the management consultancy and exhibition management industries, this sort of system is almost invaluable.
id: c4e2277c-a295-4348-8990-0993ae8ea7f1
