title: How to Use Pre-Sales
subtitle: Help businesses stop their sales and delivery teams hating each other
intro_image: /assets/shoes-pregnancy-child-clothing-47220.jpeg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/shoes-pregnancy-child-clothing-47220.jpeg
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      This is the second part of our Sales and Operations Alignment series, which aims to help businesses stop their sales and delivery teams hating each other.This week, we take a look at pre-sales – what’s the best way to coordinate them between teams?
      
      Pre-sales people can be a great asset to a sale, but they are often required elsewhere. If your pre-sales teams also double up as e.g. software engineers when they’re not at the front end of the customer lifecycle, you’ll understand the pain – is your pre-sales person a resource, or part of acquisition? How can you manage their time when some of it is pre-booked, and some of it is at the last-minute request of the sales team? And how can you control the cost of using such an expensive resource?
      <h3>Reacting Doesn’t Work</h3>
      A common problem is that while pre-sales resources are a necessary part of commercial conversations, they are often pulled into sales meetings at the last minute, or with less than ideal preparation time. Sadly it’s not uncommon to overhear reception-based conversations from pre-sales that include “So what do we need to show them?” or “What do you want me to talk about?”
      
      This often happens as a last-minute reaction to the prospect, in response to lines from the customer such as “Let me tell you where I am in the sales process – I’m now ready to see the product!” The trend of customer-driven buying in which prospects are overwhelmed with sources of information means that we are seeing more and more prospects who have already done a significant amount of research, defined their problem, and feel that the salesperson is almost redundant.
      
      When a customer makes this request and only offers one date, companies often scramble to meet that request. Is this sustainable? No. Does it increase your cost of sale? Yes. Will you win the deal? Maybe.
      
      In this scenario, is it practical – and economical - to have a highly-paid pre-sales resource ‘communicating the value of your solution’ in a reactive way at the behest of your prospects? Innovative commercial organisations have realised that by being more prescriptive, coaching the customer on how to buy, and arranging the involvement of pre-sales so that their input is more meaningful, they will get more ‘bang’ for their pre-sales ‘buck’.
      <h3>Change the Conversation</h3>
      Just as customers must be educated on the best way to solve their problem, they should be educated on how to buy too. They may not know what information will most help them, and so the supplier should coach the customer on the importance of including technical expertise in their decision, and <em>when</em> this should happen.
      
      Sales and delivery should be collaborating on which subject matter experts are likely to be needed, and prebook their time earlier in the sales cycle in order to secure the resource internally. If your salesperson knows that in meeting three she will need pre-sales support, she should put in dates for both the second and third meetings with the client – at the end of meeting one. This will ensure better preparation, a higher quality conversation, and a lower cost of sale.
      
      <strong>Next week: Why Your Sales Are Unprofitable</strong>
id: e7a7e365-2bb7-4c20-a1ca-ec90d5dcd680
