title: 'Timesheet Law: A Quick Primer'
intro_image: /assets/timesheet_law_gavel-1024x685.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/timesheet_law_gavel-1024x685.jpg
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      For many companies, timesheets are a critical part of business. Any professional services firm, for instance, will tell you that without submitted timesheets, it's incredibly difficult to raise invoices. But there are other reasons companies should pay attention to their timesheeting situation. For a start, you're probably legally required to.
      
      In the US, federal laws require employers to keep minimum records of the others their employees worked - it's the only way the government can ensure compliance with minimum wage policies for hourly work.
      
      As such, the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) states that every covered employer must keep records for each non-exempt worker, which include (among others), the hours worked each day and the total hours worked each workweek. As part of the act, employers can use any timekeeping method they choose - although it must be 'complete and accurate', according to the FLSA.
      
      As part of the same legislation, employers are required to be able to track additions to or deductions from the employee's wages - things such as unpaid holidays or vacation may fall into this category, so ensure you're aware of the requirements.
      
      On top of labor law, there are further reporting requirements employers should consider. The <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarbanes%E2%80%93Oxley_Act">Sarbanes-Oxley Act</a> (SOX) requires all publicly-traded companies to comply with strict regulations surrounding record-keeping - under which, of course, timesheets firmly fall.
      
      SOX requires, for instance, the production of accurate financial reports. As time off is a liability, it has to appear on reports and must be accurately tracked. Ethical and timely reporting, another SOX requirement, is only possible with robust timesheet applications -- few companies today would try to claim that a paper-based timekeeping system meets the requirement for an internal control structure around financial reporting practices. Any system that can be easily tampered with may well violate SOX requirements concerning the destruction, alteration, and falsification of records.
      
      In the UK, businesses that operate outside of the traditional nine-to-five environment need to keep records above and beyond those that work traditional office hours - it is an employer's responsibility to show that they are complying with the requirements of the Working Time Regulations.
      
      According to the The Working Time Regulations 1998, all records relating to working time need to be kept for two years from date on which they were made.
      
      As with the US, there are also financial requirements under the <a href="http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2006/46/contents">Companies Act</a>. HM Revenue and Customs requires most documents belonging to registered companies to be kept for a minimum of three years, plus the current financial year.
      
      <em>Please note that the above information doesn't constitute legal advice and, while care has been taken to ensure that they are accurate, up-to-date and useful, neither I or Precursive will not accept any legal liability in relation to them!</em>
      
      <strong>Further Links:</strong>
      
      <a href="http://www.dol.gov/whd/flsa/">United States Department of Labor - FLSA</a>
      
      <a href="http://www.hse.gov.uk/contact/faqs/workingtimedirective.htm">United Kingdom Health and Safety Executive - The Working Time Regulations</a>
id: 7ab322ac-61fd-4bfe-92e6-bd7d0355857b
