title: Why Your Projects Are Unprofitable
subtitle: Top Tips
intro_image: /assets/pexels-photo-241544.jpeg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/pexels-photo-241544.jpeg
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      This post is the last in our series on <a href="http://www.precursive.co.uk/tag/salesandoperations/">how to stop sales and operations hating each other</a>. Previously, we looked at productising solutions and using pre-sales effectively. This week we’re on to something that has a more direct business impact – how and why projects lose profitability.
      
      Unfortunately, most people in the services industry will at some point have worked on a big complicated deal that wasn’t profitable because they didn’t hit their Service Level Agreements (SLAs) or timelines. When you start over-promising, things can unravel quickly.
      
      So what goes wrong? How does a project your sales team are so proud to bring in so easily go off course? There are three key reasons why a project starts to become unprofitable:
      <ol>
      <li><strong>Missed timelines.</strong> Sales has promised that you can achieve <em>x</em> by <em>y</em> date, but once the paperwork’s been signed Operations goes into a panic as most of the company’s consultants are booked onto other projects the month beforehand – and it’s downhill from there. (Or – even worse - is the problem that no one realises that everyone’s busy until it’s too late?)</li>
      </ol>
      <ol start="2">
      <li><strong>Failed promises.</strong> Sales are confident that what has been asked for can be achieved, and don’t have the visibility to check. “Yes, of course we can do that for you. We did a project like that last year.” Once the deal gets passed on to Operations, it transpires that the only person with the required skillset has left the company and it’s far too late to hire anyone new. The project is in trouble before it’s even begun.</li>
      </ol>
      <ol start="3">
      <li><strong>Over-servicing.</strong> Sometimes, for whatever reason, it can be tempting to go above and beyond for a client. “Yes, we can do that for you. We can even do more than that as it happens, <em>and </em>by the dates you requested!” The deadline is successfully met, and so you start compiling timesheets for the invoice, only to realise that you’ve over-serviced the client. Considerably. But the project was sold on a fixed price, and there’s nothing you can do.</li>
      </ol>
      Much as it can feel like it sometimes, this isn’t a deliberate move by the sales team to sabotage Operations – it’s caused by a lack of communication and visibility. And there are concrete ways to fix it.
      <h3><strong>Fixing the Problem</strong></h3>
      The first step is to <a href="http://www.precursive.co.uk/why-your-business-should-be-productising-solutions/">productise your solutions</a>, as was discussed in our first post of the series. Move towards a best-practice product or service and everyone benefits. Successful salespeople sell by saying: “These are the problems that you should care about, and here’s how we’ll help you solve them.” This will lead to a scenario in which your clients are happy with the outcome, and you know you can deliver the solution profitably.
      
      During a project, don’t leave budget management to the last minute. Keep track of your projects as you go so you know how much you have left of the budget, and whether or not you’re likely to achieve your goals within that. With advance warning, you can make informed decisions on how to handle any budget crisis.
      
      Finally, put a system in place that allows resource information to be accessible to sales teams. The best companies create better visibility between sales and delivery, and use effective communication to enable sales to make ‘good’ promises to customers. Organisations that succeed have removed the ‘do we have people available?’ question and replaced it with a clear knowledge of who is available and when. They can leverage this in commercial conversations to drive urgency, and thus help them sell – and more importantly, to sell more profitable deals.
id: 99cf9446-ecb1-44f2-8493-c2f75d7ed601
