title: Project Estimation Methods
intro_image: /assets/person-question-1124847-m.jpg
comments: true
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      <p>Estimating techniques can be confusing - there are many different ways to predict the effort or cost of a project, and often there's no clear winner in the decision-making process.</p><p>Basic project management teaches that several methodologies exist - for many project managers, it's likely to be a case of choosing one, or ideally more, based on the specifics of the project and then sanity checking that the eventual outcome makes sense, ideally by comparing it to others.</p><p>Below, we'll take a look at some of the most common project estimation techniques.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Top-Down Estimation</strong></p><p>Requiring a good estimate to begin with, top-down estimation allocates resource estimates to the various parts of a project (having split these out already into a 'Work Breakdown Structure'). This provides a system-level focus where the entire project needs to be estimated in advance and past experience is used to ascertain that certain WBS items are likely to take a certain amount of time.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Bottom-Up Estimation</strong></p><p>The (self-evident) reverse of top-down, bottom-up involves estimating each piece of work at a task or component level and then summing them. It is the most time-consuming project estimation technique, and the information produced is only as good as what you put in - analyzing work in such specific detail can compound errors quickly. Occasionally, estimates using bottom-up overlook project or system level factors that haven't been worked into the individual tasks.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Delphi Technique</strong></p><p>Also known as 'expert judgement', the Delphi Technique relies on consolidated knowledge to come to an estimation. At the most basic level, it relies on surveying experts independently, then pooling responses and looking for inconsistencies in the information received. As each estimate is likely to be highly subjective, it requires a broad base before it becomes objective, although when this happens it's arguably more objective than any other method. Its key weakness, of course, is that it's only as good as the experts you can ask.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Parametric Estimation</strong></p><p>Parametric models use mathematical models to make an estimation of project effort. There are plenty of such models available, particularly for software projects, and they are an objective and repeatable way to run a project estimation. They can usually deal with nearly unlimited numbers of parameters, making them fairly comprehensive, but trying to use computer and mathematical models is obviously more suited to some projects than others.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Comparative/Analogy Estimation</strong></p><p>When similar projects have been undertaken in the past, this may be the most appropriate route. Using past data to produce an accurate model has clear advantages - it can take into account the nature of an organization, for instance, as well as providing a projection that's rooted in fact. However, it relies on project managers being able to assess the similarities and differences and getting it right - misjudgments here can throw the whole estimation out of the window. As such, it clearly shouldn't be used for unprecedented projects.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Three-point Estimation</strong></p><p>Often, three-point estimation can be combined with other estimation techniques to product a more rounded set of values. As its name suggests, the technique takes three inputs - the best-case scenario, the worst-case and the most likely. To produce the estimate value (E), follow the following formula.</p><p style="text-align: center;"><em>E = (a + 4m + b) / 6</em></p><p style="text-align: center;">(where: a = the best-case estimate, m = the most likely estimate, b = the worst-case estimate)</p><p><em>What's your favorite project estimation methodology? Let us know in the comments, or tweet <a href="http://www.twitter.com/precursive" target="_blank">@precursive</a>.</em></p>
id: 9e51c946-ffb4-41c9-ba74-301b981cc738
