title: How to estimate project contingency
intro_image: /assets/overspend.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/overspend.png
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Look at the headlines above, and it’s not difficult to see why people pay attention to contingencies - cost overruns are embarrassing and potentially career-destroying, and contingencies can help head off this kind of disaster.
      
      But how do you estimate project contingency correctly? It can be tempting to just add a flat amount, say 10 percent, to the project cost, in the hope that such a lump sum will cover the unforeseen circumstances that might arise. This isn’t the most sensible way, as there are many more variables to be taken into account. A project run for the third time by an experienced PM will obviously need a smaller contingency than one where many of the factors are unknown.
      
      Instead, follow the steps below to calculate a more meaningful contingency, that takes into account different risks and focuses on the most potentially costly problems.
      
      <strong>1) Separate contingencies</strong>
      
      A contingency shouldn’t really be treated an a single figure - actually, these kinds of calculations can take various forms.
      
      In order to calculate these, it’s important to specify exactly what your contingency amount will cover. Traditionally, contingencies should be used to cover only risks that have been identified and scoped for that particular project. Critically, that excludes items such as changes in scope, because the project contingency should only have been signed off against specific objectives. If these change, the baseline budget will need recalculating, and so will the contingency.
      
      Many programme managers choose to include a second contingency amount, known as the ‘programme contingency’. This can be used for risks that were never identified and may become apparent further through the project (although again, scope changes should sit well outside of this).
      
      <strong>2) Determine risks</strong>
      
      Risk planning should feed directly into your project contingency - this is why that flat 10% figure isn’t normally a great idea. If you don’t have a place you’re holding your risks, this should be the first step, because afterwards you’ll need to assign a monetary value to each one.
      
      The most simple way to do this is to multiply the probability expressed as a percentage by the estimated cost impact, giving a risk contingency for each line item. For example, a risk probability of 30% multiplied by a cost impact of $30,000 equals a risk contingency of $9,000.
      
      If you’re feeling a little more advanced, it’s possible to go more in-depth here, performing computerised mathematical calculations such as the Monte Carlo simulation to produce a sophisticated probability distribution based on the variables the affect your project.
      
      <strong>3) Calculate contingency</strong>
      
      Here is where we’ll show that that arbitrary 10% was a bad idea.
      
      Perform the risk contingency exercise above for every identified project risk, then sum them, and you’ll have a strong contingency calculation. How does it stack up against 10%? Is it more or less? Either way, it’s tons more accurate than a traditional percentage figure, so pat yourself on the back.
      
      To go even more in-depth, it may be worth revisiting your risk estimates and playing around with the monetary calculations of each risk. Risks can vary in both type and scale and a good risk spreadsheet will reflect this. For instance, more complex models take into account whether the risk is fixed (i.e. a binary risk which will either happen or not) or variable, where the cost impact could vary.
      
      <strong>4) Gain sponsor signoff</strong>
      
      Whatever your contingency is, you’ll need agreement from the sponsor the set those funds aside. It’s generally easier to keep the contingency totally separate from the baseline budget in line item accounting, although you’ll want to ensure that it’s presented separately when you’re pitching for project sign off. The reason for this is fairly simple, and is covered in the next section…
      
      <strong>5) Hold your breath</strong>
      
      You may end up needing your contingency. But you may not. And returning a contingency budget (or reusing it) is guaranteed to put you in a programme manager’s good books. Make sure that it’s not included in any profit calculations at the end of the project, as it will likely damage confidence in your ability to estimate contingency on the next project.
id: ab551254-09bf-4468-8805-3b83aeb82113
