title: 7 Thing We Learnt
subtitle: at Salesforce World Tour, London
intro_image: /assets/backgrounds/working-1-1485428289.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/blog-main-1485428286.jpg
comments: true
most_read: true
author:
  - a2c4e16c-0dca-45f1-905e-ae2a71bc1b6e
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: >
      Yesterday was Salesforce’s annual World Tour in London, and the Precursive team was there in force
      to ensure we really got the most out of the day. After three years in attendance, Precursive CEO
      James Gasteen had some wise words of wisdom on the right way to attend, and even the uninitiated
      like myself realised that there are good ways to World Tour, and bad ways to World Tour.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: The atmosphere was awesome
    source: James
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      So, without further ado, here are the things we’ve learnt to ensure you get the most out of your day there.
      
      1. Wear comfy shoes. I can’t stress this enough. Whether you’re exhibiting or attending, you’ll be on your feet pretty much all day. Be kind to yourself – your body will thank you.
      2. Organise your meetings in advance and find a spot where people can find you. If you’re planning to conduct business or even just to catch up with some contacts, it’s helpful to have a predetermined space to meet. Fox Pub was the unofficial hub for Precursive and others!
      3. Don’t sell to people on the stands – they’ve paid a lot to exhibit and need to get their ROI, which is not from buying. Be considerate and use the tour as an opportunity to see what’s out there.
      4. Don’t pick up all the knick-knacks from the booths – those orange stress balls will only make their way to the attic!
      5. Get to sessions early – speakers are popular and seats go quickly. Give yourself enough time to be sure you’re not standing around at the back.
      6. Talk to as many people as possible. Everyone’s friendly and welcoming, and you never know where a conversation might lead!
      7. Practise your dance moves and be ready for the party boat! This is where the real fun happens – make sure you sign up comfortably in advance, as space is limited and spots go quickly!
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/IMG_2965.jpg
    caption: Precursive and co enjoying the boat party!
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: >
      Ultimately – if you go to next year’s World Tour, have fun. The atmosphere was awesome, we had
      some exciting conversations with some interesting companies, and – of course – we made sure we
      enjoyed ourselves.
tags:
  - test blog tag
id: 847d380c-66f1-41a8-ae64-80948d0db6d6
