title: Resource scheduling software and what to look for before buying
intro_image: /assets/road-nature-lines-country.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/road-nature-lines-country.jpg
author:
  - 52e420fa-09df-4c7e-8deb-2ad05c059bb6
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Here at Precursive, we regularly talk to prospective customers who have a resource scheduling software package they're unhappy with. Perhaps it looked great in a demo and doesn't perform as well in real life or perhaps it was installed three years ago and hasn't been updated since.
      
      Whatever the reason, it's clear that sometimes those software decisions they regret could have been avoided if they'd have known what to look for before buying. Here are a couple of our thoughts:
      
      &nbsp;
      
      <strong>Know the technical overhead</strong>
      
      Increasingly, resource scheduling software is based in the cloud, requiring no specialist infrastructure to run. But much of the time, it's not. So be aware of what you'll need to run the software that you decide on - if you'll have to continue to pay for servers or hardware licenses, it could end up costing much more than you thought it would.
      
      <strong>Map your needs first</strong>
      
      It's unbelievable how many people will sign up to a solution and then begin making sure that it does what they want. It should, self-evidently, be done the other way round. Scheduling isn't a one-size-fits-all business activity, and many vendors won't make allowances if their solution doesn't fit your organisation. Pay special attention to the interfaces required - if you have to integrate your new resource scheduling software with legacy systems, think about the build costs that are going to be involved - they can add significant amounts to implementation costs.
      
      <strong>Understand the security procedures</strong>
      
      Scheduling systems often store personal information, which means a great degree of care needs to be taken to maintain their security. Most responsible companies already know this, but again, where clients often get caught out is the interfacing capabilities. Ensure that you can transfer personal data backwards and forwards without falling foul of the relevant legislation in your territory.
      
      <strong>Know the uptime figures</strong>
      
      Every software application will suffer from downtime and occasional bugs - but if your scheduling system goes down for any length of time, it could leave you unable to fulfil critical business activities. Therefore, make sure that the companies you're considering have appropriate procedures in place to minimise these. You should ask for figures on average uptime and get them to explain failover precautions - what will happen if the service is interrupted? Failure to ask these questions before signing a contract can cause massive headaches further down the line, when there's little recourse if a service isn't functioning as it should do.
      
      <strong>Understand the support and training offering</strong>
      
      Unfortunately, some large firms aren't great at support - it's just the nature of the beast. So before you choose a solution, ensure you're happy with the level of support you'll be getting - if it's a large contract, write an SLA into the agreement so you can be sure they'll offer what you expect.
      
      You'll also want to invest some time in researching the training requirements for each option. There will almost always be a cost associated with training when deploying new software, but some vendors are better equipped to reduce it than others. The best research you can do here is find out what the overhead was for other companies deploying the same solution - but if that's not possible, you'll want to conduct some sort of training needs analysis on your own. Note what is offered by the vendor - it could be anything from online webinars to fully-fledged coaching workshops for your staff, and form a judgement on whether what's offered will be suitable for your team.
id: ac25dfd4-a193-48fb-bfc9-a82cc7180c7e
