title: 'Welcome to Bliss. Population: You'
subtitle: 3 steps to Workflow Bliss
intro_image: /assets/bliss 2-1495923916.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/bliss-1495923922.jpg
comments: false
most_read: false
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: First learn stand, then learn fly. Nature rule Daniel-san, not mine
    source: Mr Miyagi
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      In the 1984 classic, the Karate Kid, Daniel Larusso learns from his mentor, Mr Miyagi, that the secret to Karate and also life, lies in the mind and heart not in the hands. Here at Precursive we are big fans of 80s movies and being able to draw tenous (but nevertheless effective) links to how to achieve more effectiveness in the workplace. In our experience, if you wish to achieve *workflow bliss* in your business then you need to win hearts and minds and the best way to do this is not with your fists!
      
      For any company that relies on their people to deliver great customer experience then all too often you may find yourself in a state of perpetual frenzy. Why? Because for many it is entirely too difficult to answer some simple yet fundamental questions about the underlying mechanics of how their business runs. For project based businesses like consultancies, creative agencies, telecoms or high tech firms - rates of growth are driven by your ability to leverage your people as effectively as possible. In the words of a CEO for one of our clients, "Our most valuable asset goes down in the lift at the end of each day."
  - 
    type: image
    image: /assets/migayi.jpeg
    caption: Man who catch fly with chopstick, accomplish anything
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Getting the right people onto the right projects at the right time can influence a range of things such as project success, contract renewals, upsell opportunities, EBIT, staff retention and don't forget your brand reputation!
      
      So how can become a Workforce Planning Ninja... Migayi style!
      
      **Here are 3 tips for success based upon what we've learned.**
  - 
    type: image
    image: /assets/lego people.jpg
    caption: Unsurprisingly, everything starts with people!
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      **PEOPLE**
      
      There are two groups of people that need to work well together in your business: Sales and Delivery.
      In those teams are three further groups: leadership, managers and the front-line staff. Ordinarily the alignment between these teams can be poor and in some cases can be down-right confrontational.
      
      Here are a few quick recommendations to make things run more smoothly:
      
      + DON'T RELY ON THE SALES TEAMS' FORECAST! Particularly their closing dates because these will be inaccurate or get pushed back in many cases. Your sales leaders should be taking their teams forecast and using their own knowledge and experience of how their team forecasts to provide a more realistic number to your delivery team.
      
      + SHADOWING! Get teams from different departments to shadow their peers from the parrallel department as a part of their onboarding and job - this helps to build relationships but will also reduce the amount of hospital passes thrown from the sales team to your delivery colleagues.
      
      + WAR ROOMS! A monthly meeting with both teams in attendance to cover: forecasted work, project updates and examples of collaboration. Keep the sessions short and sharp and have two people, one from each team facilitate the discussion. Change the facilitators each time. Make these sessions mandatory, even for your top performing sales people! Get your teams to working well together and you'll find more upsell opportunities in the process.
  - 
    type: image
    image: /assets/process.png
    caption: 'Forget Process, Think Cadence! '
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      **CADENCE**
      
      Many companies can over-engineer their processes so that they simply slow down. We do not advocate the classic naval gazing discussions that lead nowhere. Instead invest time in pragmatic cadence to ensure that you keep things on the right track.
      
      Here are some good ideas we recommend:
      
      + Lessons learned workshops detailing both the wins AND the train wrecks
      
      + Workflow Hack teams focused on finding incremental improvements across the customer lifecycle
      
      + Team members given a 'special project' to find improvements in their areas of specialism
  - 
    type: image
    image: /assets/Jaws-1495990447.png
    caption: "We're gonna need a bigger spreadsheet"
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      **TECHNOLOGY**
      
      Our customers always do three key things: Sell, Deliver, Invoice. They want to ensure that the technology that supports these processes is an enabler rather than a hindrance - and if its the later, reconsider your investment. As you think about how you stich these processes together, remember that most investment in technology doesn't happen all at once but over a longer period of time. You'll find legacy systems alongside new tech coupled with old faithful.... the spreadsheet.
      
      Getting it right from a technology perspective is never a perfect world, regardless of what a vendor tells you! Even if you buy the right solution, you need to invest continually in adoption and ensuring that the solution evolves over time as your business does. Finally, give some thought to managing contracts worth thousands or millions of £/$/€ with systems that don't give you accurate realtime information. Take a step back and ask yourself if that a risk I'm willing to take.
id: 5ff21f7a-43da-4cc2-a17d-af75c8fb7dae
