title: Building customer relationships that last
subtitle: Time to play the long game
intro_image: /assets/built to last.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/plan comes together.png
most_read: true
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      It’s not three-month-old babies that keep me awake at night. It’s the continuous focus on the
      short term.
    source: Sir Martin Sorrell
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Sir Martin Sorrell knows his onions, you don't get to the top and stay at the top for as long as he has without knowing proverbial onions. What is his greatest worry?  What does he believe will have the greatest negative impact on future growth? The answer... Short-termism.
      
      Now take a moment and think about this issue. Have you seen this happen in your company? Ever had a manager, you could describe that way? Maybe you worked at a public company that thought that way and acted accordingly come end of quarter if things weren't where they needed to be?!?!
      
      We would imagine it is actually quite a common topic for many. Perhaps we don't like to admit it but maybe this mindset or approach happens ALL THE TIME.
      
      So what does this mean for us as individuals and the businesses we manage or work in.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/customer-lifetime-value-curve.jpg
    caption: '#customer-lifetime-value'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Please give some thought to your top 10 customers. Got the list in your head? OK, now write down on a piece of paper these things:
      
      1) Describe your relationship with each customer in one word
      
      2) In your last three interactions with the customer, which of the following most applied:
      
      a) relationship building
      b) value adding activities to grow your share of wallet
      c) firefighting
      d) an escalation
      e) solving problems that aren't valued by the customer
      
      3) What's the lifetime value of this customer to your company?
      
      Now review your answers, if the words that describe your relationship with the customer are aligned to short term gains AND the last interactions with the customer featured mostly c's, d's and e's... then something is amiss. (By the way, e) solving problems that aren't valued by the customer is a bit of a grey area because what we think the customer values and what they value in reality can be two entirely different things!)
      
      If you also factor in revenues for the Customer Lifetime Value, you have crystalised how important it is to refocus your customer engagement around meaningful and pragmatic things that serve both your interests.
      
      The very best supplier/customer relationships are thought of by both parties as a partnership. Customers don't mind paying money for a partnership that creates value.
      
      If you are really really *busy* trying desperately to keep customers happy in the short term but not actually doing anything that supports both of your long term growth aspirations then its going to end...badly.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/busy image-1489935983.jpeg
    caption: "Being busy isn't cool "
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      If you are too *busy* because you are working on the wrong things with customers, we would advocate a rethink. Let's look at how we can quickly rebuild our approach to managing customers so that those relationships are "built to last".
      
      > Last things first
      
      What are the things that you do for customers that they REALLY value? Do you know the answer to this? If not, you better ask them - they'll be happy to tell you as it happens. If you know this already, start doing more of that stuff. In our experience it can include:
      
      + Educating them on what their peers are doing well or what they get wrong
      + Identifying the gaps in how they use your product or service and bridge them
      + Sharing how they can run their function or business better - ideally using your product/service or additional services from your company
      
      Don't be afraid of creating an "oh sh8t" moment because they realise that they need to fix something quickly and it scares them :)
      
      > Support is Support
      
      If you and your team are spending all their time on support issues, you aren't pushing the ball forward. Worse - if you are doing free work that they think is support that actually is chargeable work, then you need to introduce a new approach probably internally to your staff first to help them understand what is support and what's not. Then you need to pick up the phone to the customer and explain how things are going to work moving forward. Some won't like it but they likely won't churn because of it - for many they will experience them same with THEIR customers!
      
      > Have a strategy and know their strategy
      
      The best companies don't try and do too many things when it comes to working with their customers. They focus on the right things that they know creates value for their pool of clients. This customer engagement strategy has to come from the top and the front line team needs to 'get it' and have the tools to execute. As a rule of thumb, "stability first" is a great mantra - create stability for your customers and from their you can ask and get more from them in terms of additional business and revenues. Oh and in order to do this, you need to know their strategy and what they are trying to achieve in the next 3, 6, 12 or 18 months. If their goal is to "grow and sell the company", then anything you can do to enable this and make their business more attractive to an acquirer is going to get airtime.
      
      If you start with these manageable items then you are on the path to customer relationships that last.
id: a8e95e2e-1e5b-4d55-b567-2444e4a4ab38
