title: Professional Services Automation
subtitle: Everything you wanted to know about PSA explained
intro_image: 1ea9a8d0-1500-4538-aafd-f9254c392a0a
hero_image: 09d6ce8b-57fd-456a-af5a-81de0a6f0fc9
comments: true
tags:
  - 88f74f03-22f0-4465-b43e-5b1f6eed9489
  - e386e6a2-6144-472d-8e57-f44b7b0ed1d0
author:
  - 4b63c307-e074-46d3-ae12-1485afcf1bcb
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      ## What is PSA?
      
      PSA, or Professional Services Automation, software is designed to help companies manage their businesses in an end-to-end solution.
      
      PSA can cover everything from CRM (customer relationship management) to finance and invoicing. This can include:
      
      - Sales engagement
      - Resource management and allocation
      - Project management
      - Time and expense tracking
      - Project accounting
      - Billing and revenue recognition
      - Invoicing
      - PSA aims to improve productivity and profitability for professional services businesses by improving efficiency in operations, and understanding where and how a business makes its profits.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: PSA helps businesses to simplify project planning and control costs
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      ## Why might you need PSA?
      
      PSA helps businesses to simplify project planning and control costs, with a clear overview of where the business is spending and making money, and real-time information on resources and project scheduling.
      
      Full PSA – with every feature from sales to invoicing – is useful when you need a solution that covers every aspect of your business. If you don’t already have an existing CRM or finance solution, it makes sense to look at options that will tie these in to your resource management and delivery solution.
      
      It’s worth looking at your options though: you might think you need full PSA, when you really only need aspects of it. If you already have a CRM that’s working for you (such as Salesforce), you might just need the resource management or project management aspects. Many of these systems integrate with each other too – for example, Precursive’s [resource management software](http://www.precursive.co.uk/resource-management-software/) is native to Salesforce, and has out-of-the-box integration with Xero and other finance software.
      
      **Decisions should be based on:**
      
      - **Your current software:** Do you want to keep or move away from existing systems? Do you need something that integrates with other packages?
      - **Your needs:** What aspects of PSA are important to you? Do you need the full suite of services or a few specific pieces of functionality? If there is one area you’re particularly concerned with, is it worth looking for the best solution individually?
      - **Your budget:** What will provide the quickest ROI? How much are you willing to spend?
      
      ## What are the alternatives?
      
      There are other solutions that allow you to pick and choose what aspects of PSA you implement, and that integrate just as well as an end-to-end solution. Purchasing software in this way can be more financially viable, as you’re not paying for features you don’t need. It also means that you get the best quality solution in each area, as each provider is focused purely on that one aspect.
      
      If you’re looking for a complete solution, from CRM to resource management to project management to timesheeting to invoicing, and would prefer an overall system to expertise in certain areas, then full PSA could be the way to go.
id: eb73d911-f007-4d65-8824-fb235acd0503
