title: 'Do we need to reinvent productivity? '
subtitle: 3 tips to boost the productivity of your teams
intro_image: /assets/productivity definition-1492850855.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/productivity.png
comments: true
most_read: false
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: "There needs to be a 'reinvention of productivity' in order to find new ways for companies to tackle the world's biggest problems"
    source: Jeff Immelt, CEO | General Electric
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      We speak to lots of companies who tell a similar story which reads like some sort of nightmarish nursery rhyme starring a range of familiar characters. It begins with a sales person aka 'the villain' bringing in a deal where the customer 'doesn't really know what they want', the quality of scoping and estimation is poor and surprise surprise we've discounted the business so our margin is lower than what we aim for. In the second act, we get introduced to the 'hero' aka our delivery team who end up having to rescope the project and throw more resources at it, battle through numerous meetings with stakeholders to 'get their buyin' and end up working all hours to get the solution out the door to meet some degree of customers expectations. After moving mountains, blood sweat and tears and a few internal shouting matches - you have that *'TA DA'* moment when you unveil your solution to the customer and they frown and say 'Hmmm that's OK' or worse 'That's not what I asked for and I want my money back!'.
      
      *So what can we do to begin to fix this?*
      
      **Here are three things we have seen work well**
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/people campfire.jpg
    caption: Time to sing Kumbaya?
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      **PEOPLE**
      
      Everything starts with your people and the best organisations know this. Ultimately you are trying to get people to work well together. They don't necessarily need to be friends or in some cases even get on but they need to be effective at working with one another. We often see senior management teams getting together but it is less common that the mid-level or front line teams come together. If there isn't an opportunity for direct communications outside of firefighting with a customer then it needs to be addressed quickly. A suitable forum for sales and delivery to discuss key items like forecasted work, project progress and brainstorm challenges on customers together with bring numerous benefits. The frequency of these sessions needs to be calibrated to your volume of projects. It doesn't hurt to organise a social event once a quarter to break bread and let people develop stronger bonds. If you can shift people's engagement with each other in the right direction it will have a direct impact of your company's culture and that workplace culture in turn improves staff retention according to research by Andrew Chamberlain, Ph.D - Director of Research at Glassdoor who states that companies should "cultivate a healthy workplace culture".
      
      **PROCESS**
      
      Very often teams that work alongside one another or who pick up different stages of a customer lifecycle have NO IDEA what their colleagues ACTUALLY DO in their jobs. The best run companies don't let this happen - General Electric is famous for running a range of rotational programs to help develop their staff and many of these will get their people working in different parts of the business across a range of displines. Whilst you may not compare your business to GE, the principle is sound which is to think about ways to educate your teams on what their colleagues do. If a sales person understands how a project is kicked off, what the various phases are and how their project managers ensure success - this will help them sell more! Most prospects are unsure as to what happens after they sign the contract and have been burnt in the past by sales teams that disappear after contract signature and a deliver team arriving saying "What do you want us to do?". Raising awareness about people's roles and activities will give both your commercial and project teams reassurance because they understand how things get done and what they can do to help.
      
      **TECHNOLOGY**
      
      If information in your company resides only in people's heads or on a spreadsheet, you'll likely get into trouble! The availability of information and information flows is what defines agile teams and businesses. At Precursive we want our sales, delivery and support organisation to be able to communicate quickly but not unnecessarily if they can find relevant information on their own. As an example we don't have to ask our support team how many tickets have been raised by a client because that information sits under the account information in Salesforce. Salesforce provides a unique platform that means all of our sales, projects, support and finance information for customers is in one place and accessible to all. We have range of applications (Salesforce, Precursive, Taskfeed, Zendesk, Jira, Slack and Xero) that work well together which is critical as we are high growth company. Consider ways that you can rule out the "We think" moments when working with customers and create and "We know" culture through technology. Arming your teams with the right information in real-time will allow them to do their jobs more efficiently, keep them happy and delight your customers with better service.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/spreadsheet frustration.jpg
    caption: I opened that spreadsheet and it deleted the internet...
id: 2b0cf59b-0719-4918-9921-b9d98997d807
