title: How Millennials Could Ruin Your Software Purchase
intro_image: /assets/pexels-photo-123318.jpeg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/pexels-photo-123318.jpeg
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Think about the age profile of managers, project managers, and senior consultants in your business. How many of them are between 25 and 35? We’re willing to bet it’s quite a high proportion. The millennial generation is now very present in the workplace, and their opinion will have a big impact on how your business is run. So what things should you take into consideration when looking to make a software purchase?
      
      The consumerisation of IT means that people – particularly millennials – are used to using applications and software that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing. Apple is the most obvious example. Everything Apple produces – software or hardware – is simple, functional, and beautiful to look at. This is what millennials have grown up with, and this what they have come to expect. So any business wanting this generation to fully adopt technology within the workplace will have to choose something that meets those standards.
      
      Another key aspect for Generation Y is being able to use business applications on mobile devices. Millennials have progressed into adulthood with a smartphone to-hand, and are used to being able to handle pretty much every aspect of their lives on-the-go. Business software is now no different.
      
      And why is across-the-board adoption so important? This might sound an obvious question to ask, but have you really sat and thought about the effects? If your team members don’t enjoy using your software, then they simply won’t use it. This leads to poor data, inaccurate reporting, business errors, and ultimately a wasted investment.
      
      If you’re purchasing any sort of software for your business, bear this in mind when making your decision. The millennial generation highly values user experience. Or there’s a good chance they won’t use the software at all.
id: 70e24884-cae4-4346-a410-08d2dd9958cc
