title: The Belbin Team Roles Model – Are You a Shaper, a Plant or an Implementer?
intro_image: /assets/backgrounds/Close-Plan-edited.jpeg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/blog-main-1485428286.jpg
author:
  - 4b63c307-e074-46d3-ae12-1485afcf1bcb
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      How do you create a truly great team for a project? Teams are unpredictable – the dynamics are complex, and there’s never any guarantee that a group of people will gel as required to deliver a task. Conversely, there seems to be nothing that indicates that a truly great project team will end up truly great.
      
      Back in 1981, Meredith Belbin constructed the Belbin Team Inventory, still widely regarded as the leading model when it comes to team construction. Belbin, in his book Management Teams: Why They Succeed or Fail (it’s on Amazon [here](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Management-Teams-they-succeed-fail/dp/1856178072/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1381932047&sr=8-3&keywords=belbin)), hypothesised individuals naturally gravitate towards specific roles in project teams and perform best when placed in those roles.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: |
      A team is not a bunch of people with job titles, but a congregation of individuals, each of whom has a role which is understood by other members. Members of a team seek out certain roles and they perform most effectively in the ones that are most natural to them.”
      
      Dr. R. M. Belbin
    source: http://www.belbin.com/about/belbin-team-roles/
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Anyone familiar with the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator could be forgiven for wondering what the difference is between Belbin’s groups and the personality types outlined by the Myers-Briggs indicator. However, Belbin asserts that the roles aren’t akin to personality types, his method scores on how strongly people express behavioural traits from team roles.
      
      The team roles Belbin identified have since been modified slightly, but they remain in widespread use today and allow for a useful reflection on team composition – why people prefer some roles over others, how people feel about their role and whether every role required to form a comprehensive team has been filled. So have a read of the below descriptions – think about which role you fall into (there may be more than one) and whether you’ve achieved a balance in your team.
      
      #Plant
      
      The ideas generators – creative and unorthodox, bright and free thinking. Prone to ignore the nitty-gritty in favour of the big picture – not dissimilar from the caricature of the nutty Professor! Too many plants can stall projects, as constant ideas conflict and distract.
      
      #Resource investigator
      
      The outward-looking team member – a person firmly focused on opportunities and contacts. Often relaxed with an inquiring mind, they can see possibilities in many places, but can lose focus or wander off, especially towards the end of project when pressure is easing.
      
      #Co-ordinator
      
      Calm, confident and good at seeing the big picture, co-ordinators are often great team leaders, with an ability to control and organise. Likely to be more mature than some other types, they can motivate and ensure the team is focused on the end goal.
      
      #Shaper
      
      Laser focused on individual tasks, shapers exhibit tremendous energy and are tenacious in pursuit of their goals – for shapers, winning is the name of the game. Often extroverted, project managers should ensure that the shapers are not too overbearing on the team – bluntness and irritation are the negative characteristics that may be on display.
      
      #Monitor Evaluator
      
      As the name suggests, monitor evaluators are objective observers, good at taking a broad view and seeing all of the opportunities. Monitor Evaluators may not be fast-movers, but they’ll analyse properly and will ensure ideas and suggestions are treated properly and fairly. Monitor evaluators may be among the more negative team members – take care not to allow them to become overly critical or to damage team passion.
      
      #Teamworker
      
      Sociable and sensitive, teamworkers are the glue that holds a great team together. They’re great listeners, paying attention to how others are performing and reacting while engaging in constant diplomacy which may only be noticed when it’s no longer present. Make sure that teamworkers are prepared to make the key decisions when they need to be made, as they may be reluctant to take sides.
      
      #Implementer
      
      Self-disciplined and reliable, implementers are the real ‘doers’ in a team, taking team todos and turning them into positive action. They display common sense and are motivated by loyalty – implementers are good people to have around when a job needs to be done or a roadmap needs to be written. However, this can occasionally make them obstructive – if they don’t believe in ideas, implementers can become a road block.
      
      #Completer-Finisher
      
      The perfectionists in the team, finishers are painstaking, with high attention to detail and a meticulous nature. They’ll complete a task to perfection and they’ll work to their own high standards, making sure everything is ‘just right’. That may result in an attitude that detriments the rest of the team though – finishers sometimes end up being overworked because they’re reluctant to delegate.
      
      #Specialist
      
      A subject matter expert, specialists enjoy being the ‘font of all knowledge’, answering questions from other team members and readily improving upon their specialism where they can. They’ll bring considerable ability, but they may not contribute far beyond their own unique ‘field’.
      Note – specialists weren’t included in the original Belbin study – they were added later as there were no specialists included in the original exercise.
      
      What do you think? How does your team stack up? Belbin maintains there there is no such thing as the ‘ideal’ team, just that some people are more suited to some tasks than others. When thinking about your team (and no doubt some names sprung to mind while you were reading those descriptions!), consider how wide a coverage of those roles you’ve achieved, and whether the balance you’ve struck is right for the task at hand.
id: 09dd5f5f-54b4-480d-b753-5bcee26cd73f
