title: "Being busy isn't cool."
subtitle: Time to get real about the digital workplace
intro_image: /assets/hard work.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Screen Shot 2017-02-13 at 10.41.28.png
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: There is no substitute for hard work.
    source: Thomas Edison
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/tasmanian-devil.jpg
    caption: But chaos reigns!
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      > In the current work environment a unique set of pressures has emerged that puts pressure on inviduals hitherto not seen before. The set of headwinds includes the age old adage of 'lack of time', demanding/upset/erractic customers, digital disruption, too much complexity and information overload.
      
      Being able to compartmentalise and focus on the right things as individuals and in business is more challenging than in the past.
      
      Throw in some office politics and you have people that resemble the Tasmanian Devil in a tailspin but is anyone actually getting anything done.
      
      *Being 'busy' isn't cool. Work shouldn't be this difficult.*
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      So what are the best companies, or specifically the people within those companies and the culture they create, doing differently?
      
      We see three things:
      
      + Stay one step ahead
      
      Does responding to customer demand often feel like little more than perpetual firefighting. Its not sustainable. Its not fun. To do things differently, the best have realised that they need to get ahead of demand - in some cases shape it and in others create it. But often you need to say no as well. If you can't say no, you will end up in trouble and digging out of that hole costs you time, people and money. A robust digital strategy and technology that enables and sharpens your business processes will help!
      
      + Harmony
      
      A recognition exists among the best leaders that "we need to play well together". In services and technology companies, you often don't see sales and delivery folks going off into the sunset hand-in-hand. The blame game from delivery to sales and the hospital pass from sales to delivery HAVE to be removed. Think about a 'Yin-Yang' approach to alignment and get your teams playing well together.
      
      + Predictability
      
      Data. Data. Data. The boffins at IBM estimate that 90% of the world's data has been produced in the last 3 years. In most companies, good data is hard to come by. It sits in people's heads or in a monster spreadsheet stuck together with sticklebricks and takes three weeks to open on your desktop. Technology used well can help to produce data but its only with suitable analytics and knowing how to leverage this, that you can do anything meaningful.
      
      **The right behaviours + technology enablement x data & analytics =**
      
      **Predictable Growth.**
id: e647c69f-53ac-4df3-8d69-842935387593
