title: Five late timesheet policy ideas to try in your business
intro_image: /assets/late_timesheet_policy.jpg
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: "<p>Late timesheets are a major business problem. At best, chasing them can be an administrative headache - at worst, their impact on client billing can lose the company large sums of money.</p><p>Most companies opt for a carrot and stick approach to timesheet submission - a penalty at one of the scale, and some sort of reward on the other. The company's management, its culture and the criticality of timesheets to the business in general tend to determine roughly where along that scale the company's policy lands.</p><p>There are, however, easy ways to encourage timely timesheets without rewriting vast swathes of policy or threatening to fire people. Here are a few approaches that we've seen working out there:</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Formalise the existence of timesheet compliance figures</strong></p><p>This doesn't necessarily mean employees' performance reviews actually need to be affected by their timesheet performance. But even if it's part of a very informal process, knowing the figures and encouraging line managers and HR managers to discuss them emphasises to employees how important prompt timesheet submission really is.</p><p><strong>Add extra warnings</strong></p><p>Most employees don't send sufficient reminders about timesheets, and some send none at all - given the widespread use of email, there's really no excuse for this. A reminder 24 hours in advance, on the day and at the deadline should be the very minimum - encouraging employees to begin thinking about timesheets as early as possible is best practice. If your systems allow it, send reminders through different channels - push notifications to mobiles, perhaps, or automated calls through a VoIP system - for increased effectiveness.</p><p><strong>Tie timesheets into expenses</strong></p><p>Many organisations already do this, but it's worth thinking about whether timesheets can be linked to expense claims, which employees are likely to be keen to complete (assuming they're spending their own money). Even if systems aren't integrated, it's much harder to validate expense claims if you don't know what the employee was working on, so requesting timesheet submission before reviewing expense claims is perfectly logical.</p><p><strong>Make it a competition</strong></p><p>A late timesheet has a cost, which is fairly easily quantifiable, when you take into account the man-hours spent chasing it and the associated delays with invoicing. If you're averaging one or two significant days a period, a draw to win a (worthwhile) prize might work out cheaper - ensure that only employees who have their timesheets in on time are entered and make sure there's plenty of publicity around the winner.</p><p><strong>Change who's responsible for chasing persistent offenders</strong></p><p>It normally takes under a minute to make a call to someone to complain that a timesheet's delayed. But if it's a repetitive task, those minutes add up. Persistent offenders will be used to hearing their HR rep or line manager complaining - but they're likely to sit up and take note if a senior VP calls them and asks what the problem with timesheets is. One of these calls is often all it takes to bring somebody in line…</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><em>Do you have any ideas on how better to chase timesheets for your staff? Leave them in the comments below!</em></p>"
id: 58bc1a57-4d9a-4454-94df-f8a9e4d629e7
