title: Executive Insights | Exploring the World of Digital Transformation.
subtitle: Spotlight on partnerships and digital innovation at Live Nation
intro_image: /assets/Live-Nation.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/live nation-1490194712.jpg
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: '**Welcome to our Executive Insights series where we have the opportunity to learn from innovators across a range of industries. In this interview, we have the privilege of speaking with Joel Wolinsky from Live Nation about a range of things including the role of digital and big data in entertainment, the rise of the ‘experience economy’ and why good old fashioned storytelling is still essential as a part of connecting with customers.**'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      *Precursive* - Hello Joel, great to meet you and we appreciate the time. Let’s start with a little bit about yourself and what you do?
      
      > **Joel**  Hi, my name is Joel Wolinsky and I’m the VP of National Alliances at Live Nation Entertainment, the world’s largest live entertainment company. My job entails me working with brands, who wish to leverage the passion point of music and culture to reach the widest possible audience. This is done through a multitude of platforms we at Live Nation have at our fingertips; from experiential to content and digital as well as audience solutions and consumer analytics.
      
      *Precursive* - Joel, you have had an amazing career across some great organisations including Yahoo, MTV, Cirque de Soleil, AEG and now Live Nation. What drove your initial interest in this sector?
      
      > **Joel**  I initially started off in the producing side of the business. I always interested in music and the dynamic of concerts/festivals/events and their ability to bring people together. I had started a company with another friend when I was at University, based in Montreal, Canada. We started organizing events for friends which kind of snowballed in working with different faculties at the school to book their events around fresher/starter weeks, etc. We realized we had a ‘knack’ for it because at the end of our first year we were pulling in about 2000 people bi-monthly to these events. From thereon in we started to gather a name for ourselves and in turn, began working with companies/brands that wanted to penetrate the 18-24 youth market. They rest, as they say, is history.
      
      *Precursive* - Having spent time across a range of companies, what are some of the commonalities that you've seen in how partnerships are structured?
      
      > **Joel**  I think the partnership landscape has truly evolved in the past 10 years to encompass so many different platforms and opportunities. This has ultimately lead to changes in how we, as an industry, structure partnerships. Whereas ten years ago ‘sponsorship’ might have meant slapping your logo on some marketing and having a 20x20 activation at the event, we’re now seeing clients want to be part of the consumer journey and conversation the other 364 days outside of the concert/event going experience. Content production and ‘big data’ play a big role in most of today’s partnerships. A lot of brands are now looking for an ROI on their partnership deals which sometimes can be done.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/Big Data-1490196466.jpg
    caption: Content production and ‘big data’ play a big role in most of today’s partnerships
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      > Ultimately the structuring of partnerships varies based on the property and industry you’re operating within (sport vs arts and culture), but all of them have to include a 360 approach that allows the client to benefit from digital and a prolonged communication outside of game day or showtime.
      
      *Precursive* - A well thought out strategy to partnerships and alliances is critical for many organisations that are looking to create additional value. Do you have a way of thinking about this strategy?
      
      > **Joel**  Definitely. I’ve always been a big believer that content is king. It’s one thing to sponsor an event or a show, but as I mentioned above, the sponsorship ‘experience’ has evolved so you need to be thinking about how the consumer will engage with your brand outside of the experiential platform. I think a sound content and communication strategy is key and, most importantly, needs to be one that tells the story of the brand or product in a unique and engaging way. Working with relevant partners and platforms is central to this. Understand the landscape and who the best fit is to ‘tell your brand story’. When you figure this out, and it's correct, the results will be golden.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/Brand-Storytelling-1.jpg
    caption: Understand the landscape and who the best fit is to tell your brand story
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      *Precursive* - What advice would you give to others that are at the beginning of the partnership journey, i.e. they don't have anything in place but want to build something?
      
      > **Joel**  Work within the confines of what you can afford and more importantly, what makes sense. The best sponsorships and communication strategies can be done in an extremely cost effective way now. Of course my job is to sell ‘big ticket’ partnerships, but with the right media platforms and the way we, as consumers, now disseminate media, there’s so many way to do this. I’m a personal fan of content driven initiatives that tell a story and make sense for the brand and property. I recently came across a content piece that GoDaddy (the internet domain registrar and web hosting company) did with the Toronto Raptors of the NBA. Of course I’m a fan of the team cause they represent my hometown, but I liked how they discussed their product line in a unique, tongue and cheek way. Thought that made sense, was funny and I believe was really easy to make. The moral here is that you don’t have to reinvent the wheel. Give the consumer something that’s engaging and let it loose….the benefits will come back, tenfold.
      
      *Precursive* - Many people can be wary of putting a lot of time and effort into partnerships that don't yield much - do you have a way to guard against this?
      
      > **Joel**  I always go into all partnership discussions with a series of questions that help me understand what the need and want of the potential partner is; KPI’s if you will. Ultimately all brands have a reason why their engaging with you, whether it be brand awareness, consumer engagement or a multitude of other reasons. I believe the key in developing long lasting partnerships is always to under promise and over deliver. Make the client aware of the environment you’re operating within and work with them to exceed expectation and smash KPIs. Ultimately the best partnership are the ones that are collaborative in nature, so communication is key!
      
      *Precursive* - How has technology changed the landscape for your organisation - we would imagine that mobile has had a big impact...
      
      > **Joel**  Technology has had a massive impact on our business and is in fact, viewed as the engine that drives us. At the root of what we do is ticket sales. This is ultimately driven by the technology we have at TM and the consumer data it produces. From the minute you log onto our site, we’re constantly engaging you with various methods to upsell you on elements that might make sense for your experience; a hotel room for your trip to go see Clapton in NYC through to a rental car for your journey to Bonnaroo. Technology allows us to provide the consumer with the best possible service and experience as it’s ingrained in the consumer journey. Mobile is playing a massive role in what we do as our venues and festival locations have now become ‘smart ones’ through various methods. Geo-fencing and locational tracking now allow us to serve up partner messaging and consumer information that drives a more fluid experience onsite at our shows and festivals. This is also helping to drive our partnership conversations as well but allowing us to engage with the consumer on behalf our brand partners; pushing products and services that make sense to you, the consumer, whilst onsite or on the grounds.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/Screen Shot 2017-03-22 at 15.49.37.png
    caption: >
      "Technology allows us to provide the consumer with the best possible service and experience as
      it’s ingrained in the consumer journey"
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      *Precursive* - Do you see any future disruptors for your sector?
      
      > **Joel**  Our business operates within what I would call ‘The experience economy’. Ultimately the festival landscape have grown exponentially in the past ten years to truly offer the consumer a wider array of offerings outside the standard bearers we’ve all come to know. I think the disruptors in this sense are those ‘up and comers’ that are innovating the space and offering a unique proposition as part of the their ticketing offering. Elements like luxury camping, elevated food offerings and unique destinations/settings that offer that little bit more, will be the leaders of tomorrow. In terms of tech; we’re ultimately in the business of selling tickets. The rise of ticketing aggregators and secondary platforms that truly offer a unique audience solution I believe are the ones that will be the future leaders in this space. We’ve made some real leaps and bounds with the TM+ platform (our secondary offering), but I really like what services like Seat Geek and Shoo-Win are doing, and would peg these as companies as ones that are ultimately leading the way in this space.
      
      *Precursive* - Lastly, if you could give a younger version of yourself some advice about getting into this space - what would it be?
      
      > **Joel**  Relationships are key. Take time to foster these through continued client/industry engagement. And most importantly, be careful of the toes you step on today, as they might be connected to the a&% you need to kiss tomorrow!
id: 6a4690a2-46f4-44a9-b5f4-90ad4b24949d
