title: "Get connected at Dreamforce '17"
subtitle: How to get the most out the learning event of the year
intro_image: /assets/Dreamforce-Badge.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Dreamforce-Image.png
comments: false
most_read: false
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: 'Brands are no longer competing against each other, they are competing against **_speed_**'
    source: Marc Benioff
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      The world's largest and arguably now most important technology event is fast approaching - Dreamforce 2017. There are few events that can reshape the broader technology industry with the speed that Salesforce's landmark learning event can.
      
      We've put together a few tips on how to embrace the behemoth that is Dreamforce because with the amount of stuff that you can get involved with, it can be intimidating and a little overpowering.
      
      This year's event [features speakers](https://www.salesforce.com/dreamforce/speakers/) as broad as Ashton Kutcher - a well known technology investor, Michelle Obama, will.i.am, Kasper Rorsted, CEO Adidas and of course Mr Benioff himself.
      
      Over the 4 days, there are a few things that can maximise your enjoyment and ability to learn meaningful stuff!
      
      1) There are over 2,500 sessions! Bear in mind that some of them will be oversubscribed but you can map out your own learning path using [this link](https://success.salesforce.com/sessions?eventId=a1Q3A00000stRRuUAM). Don't get too fixated on your own industry, one of the best sessions from 2016 featured a director from Pixar Studios and we used his tips on storytelling to shape our messaging and the choreograpy of our insights with customers.
      
      2) Typically some of the larger sponsors will have a location to take a break from everything - last year PWC had a great meeting space and theatre which proved to be: 1) the best place to get a nice coffee from a proper barista, 2) a great location to watch some of the keynotes. This year Xactly will have a townhouse near to the conference venue that will be a great place for customer meetings or networking.
      
      3) Don't write off the Customer Expo - just do your research! Don't rely on walking around and just running into someone, take a few hours in advance to map out your own issues and leverage tools like the Salesforce App Exchange to find some potentially good suppliers that have a solid set of reviews and some [detailed case studies](www.precursive.com/customers) on their website. Then once you have your shortlist, reach out to the supplier in advance and organise a meeting at Dreamforce.
      
      4) Network, network, network! Dreamforce brings together such a broad range of organisations and like-minded people from all over the world. The Salesforce ecosystem can be leveraged to help you grow your business in a number of ways. Say hi to people, ask them 'what brought you to the conference?' - share with people what you do and what would be helpful to you and your business.
id: 8d06198c-6023-4397-bee6-2a37c1aa5922
