title: The best source of new sales is your existing customers
subtitle: 'Why customer experience is the key to growth '
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/how-to-build-customer-loyalty-1498546084.png
comments: false
most_read: false
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      Any business with delighted customers has a sales force they won’t have to pay; you don’t see
      them, but they are talking to people all the time.
    source: Warren Buffett
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      At Precursive we have been tracking an interesting data point in our conversations with both customers and prospective customers alike. Put simply, what proportion of their revenue comes from existing clients? The answer can vary but we have not heard anyone state that it is less than 70%. In some cases the figure is closer to 90%.
      
      There are a number of reasons for this as varied as macro-economics in Europe where there are low levels of growth, converging markets in the telecoms sector with high levels of commodisation, or more simply the under performance of a traditional sales organisation.
      
      Warren Buffett notes that customers are always "voting" on their customers and states that Jeff Bezos is, 20 years later, still "thinking about ways to delight his customers".
      
      Customer centric strategies or being 'customer obsessed' is nothing new. In both the B2B and B2C markets, providers of market and consumer research expertise, are remarkably resilient in the face of broader economic scenarios precisely because so much is changing and also at stake for your typical business.
      
      So why is the best source of 'new business' your 'existing business'?
  - 
    type: image
    image: /assets/Customer Loyalty Slide (2).png
    caption: What influences Customer Loyalty?
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      A research study by CEB (now Gartner) explored the factors that influence customer loyalty and long term purchasing decisions (buying from a supplier, buying more, advocy). This research was conducted with Fortune 500 type companies and engaged decision makers at senior management and C-Level. The data makes for compelling reading as it shows two key things: i) Service Matters, ii) Customer Experience Matters Even More!
      
      So what should we do about this and what does it mean for how we think about our teams that support or serve our customers.
      
      1) Trust
      
      If you deliver great customer experiences, you develop trust. As a 'trusted advisor' which is an overblown term for someone who has credibility in the eyes of the customer - you can provide insight and advise to your customers on how to think about growth, efficiency, cost savings, hiring - whatever your relevant area of expertise is. If you are a good steward of your customers investments with your business, then they will spend more with you because you are creating value for their business.
      
      2) Expansion of product offering
      
      We work with a lot of companies that provide a range of IT solutions be it infrastructure or applications of some description. Without exception these organisations have been expanding their offerings to include cloud solutions, digital propositions and broader managed services. Why? They have to. Commoditisation, price pressure, new market entrants. 10 years ago these companies were going up against a defined set of competitors, now they are being compared against Google, Amazon or Facebook - and they haven't faired well in that battle. If you are going to spend time and money developing new propositions then those net new logos are going to come from your existing clients first in most cases. Therefore it makes sense to overinvest in key customers where they can buy more of the great solutions that you develop.
      
      3) Cost of Sale
      
      Any CEO or commercial leader will recognise that the cost of acquisition in going up. We've seen data from McKinsey pointing to a 10 X Cost of Sale for new business vs. renewal, cross-sell or up-sell. This cost of sale has been steadily rising as customers have become more empowered and by extension challenging/costly to sell to. The most progressive commercial organisations recognise that it is fruitful to have conversations with existing clients where they don't have to spend 3-6 months developing a relationship and trust. Again your customers will be much more open to these discussions, if you have done a great job in supporting them - if you haven't they aren't going to 'throw good money, after bad'. And don't forget if you close two of your existing customers who want to use a new product, you now have two potential references to use with net new logo customers.
      
      The mindset that we observe at the best companies, is to make life easy for themselves and derisk their go-to-market strategies by making smart bets.
      
      If you want to ante up, then be prepared to put some money on your existing customers. Creating meaningful customer experiences that help them to grow, learn, save, expand, hire, and delight THEIR customers should be your #1 goal.
      
      To learn more about how Precursive goes about delighting our customers, [see here](www.precursive.com/customers)
id: c1713256-50ce-4cbe-b6a6-69ecf9f7bc6f
