title: What a good close plan looks like
subtitle: All you need to know
intro_image: /assets/backgrounds/working-3-1485428290.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/working-3-1485428290.jpg
tags:
  - professional services
author:
  - a2c4e16c-0dca-45f1-905e-ae2a71bc1b6e
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: 'Last week, we discussed why businesses should be using a close plan, and the types of issues typically seen from teams who would benefit from this. This week, we’ll cover what a good close plan should actually look like: what should it include, and what will an effective close plan do for you?'
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: '...it isn’t enough when you’re selling complex services. Teams need to *take control* of the progress'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      One of the challenges sales teams typically face is how to proactively drive engagement with a customer through the sales cycle. Many organisations focus on the next action, and it may progress the deal, but it isn’t enough when you’re selling complex services. Teams need to take control of the progress. You should be building a plan and identifying and providing time frames for the key steps from education and discovery to legal review and agreement. The best sales teams are able to provide a reliable forecast of when a deal is likely to close – and usually, this is because they are using a mutual close plan.
      
      ## Build a mutual close plan
      
      1. Validate the steps involved
      2. Identify stakeholders
      3. Confirm milestones and key dates, so you know what will be required early on in the process
      
      ## The process
      
      - **Education** – Understand business process and success criteria. Understand your prospect’s procurement process. What stages do they have to go through? What levels of approval? Who needs to be involved? Make sure you have all the information you need from the get-go.
      - **Validation** – Develop a solution for the customer. Provide a demonstration; submit a proposal, ensure there’s a supplier shortlist. Obtain internal approval of terms before submitting your plan to the prospect. At this point you should provide Operations with an advance warning of scope and expected close dates, so it’s on their radar.
      - **Commercials** – Gain a verbal commitment, undertake a legal/compliance review, identify potential risks, and obtain a contract signature and PO.
      - **Delivery / Operations** – Notify the delivery team as soon as you receive signoff, so that they can schedule resources in advance. Hold the implementation kick-off.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/backgrounds/Close-Plan-edited.jpeg
    caption: Planning a close plan
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      As you go through, ensure you keep yourself aware of anything that might delay the close. For example, you might find that you need to wait two weeks for the supplier shortlist, or that the CFO is going away at the end of the month so there’s no way you’ll get signoff until the next. Actively look out for these warning signs, and plan accordingly.
      
      The best way to track a close plan effectively is to tie it to the Opportunity record in your CRM. Actually track it as a full plan, not just the next step. Record the dates for each step in your CRM, and think of your opportunity as a project.
      
      You can use a tool such as Taskfeed to map out your close plan visually, which is especially useful when you have multiple people involved in a deal.
      
      ## How a proper close plan impacts forecasting
      
      The benefits of a proper close plan on sales are substantial. They include:
      
      - **Reliable revenue** – With a better close plan, there’s more consistency and accuracy between planning, and the final quarterly numbers. This improves your departmental and personal credibility– meaning that you’re more likely to get buy-in and receive a greater budget for necessary hires and other expenses.
      - **Reduced cost of sale** – All this better planning means that you can get your team working on billable client work, not just bids. Not only is this significantly more profitable, but you’ll find that employees tend to prefer this!
      - **Sales productivity** – If your entire sales team is closing in the same way, you’ll find best practices beginning to emerge. This consistency will boost productivity and increase sales whilst shortening the sales cycle.
      - **Differentiated sales experience** – In the age of the informed buyer, quality of the sales experience is actually becoming a key decision criteria for clients. Ensuring your sales process is smoother than your competitors’ will ultimately result in more sales for your business.
      
      Better alignment between sales and delivery = Similarly, this alignment will result in more winning bids thanks to being able to identify deals that don’t look like they’re worth pursuing – and focusing your sales team’s efforts on more profitable deals instead.
id: 81f119d2-f812-4c16-9be5-e2bd78504278
