title: 'Salesforce Einstein '
subtitle: Rise of the Machines
intro_image: /assets/Einstein.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Einstein.png
comments: true
most_read: true
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: '"Any fool can make things more complex... It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction" '
    source: Albert Einstein
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      As a Sales Leader in a fast growing software company, I had the privilege of attending this year's Dreamforce conference in San Francisco. This was a great opportunity to learn and meet a range of customers, partners and new faces. It was clear that regardless of industry, many face the same challenges. I met numerous commercial leaders who referenced how difficult demand creation and outbound sales activity has become.
      
      A range of research highlights that customers are more empowered and engage suppliers later and in different ways during buying cycles. Customers also engage with your brand in a range of media channels. In some cases we heard examples of inbound leads who would request information about a product or service but would be unwilling to speak directly to a supplier. Therefore being in a commercial role in this world is challenging and requires different resources and support to be successful. However sales teams don’t just need LOTS of content, insight or tools to be more effective but rather they need the RIGHT resources at the right time.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: "What if customers' greatest need is to figure out exactly what they need?"
    source: 'Matthew Dixon & Brent Adamson, The Challenger Sale'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Salesforce’s introduction of Artificial Intelligence aka Salesforce Einstein is designed to enable organisations to do just that. This new solution could be game changing for many reasons:
      
      1)  Customers require different information at different stages of a buying cycle and enabling a sales team to better “predict and provide” the best support will differentiate them to their competitors.
      
      2)  All sales organisations want to lift the performance of their core performers but many of this type lack the natural intuition of a high performer to know what to give to customers and when. Predictive Analytics will help to boost the performance of the core rep and in turn help a sales team get to their number.
      
      3)  If customers are researching and learning about suppliers independently of actually talking to them, then it makes sense for AI and machine learning to allow sales teams to respond to that change. This technology also has the potential to bridge the coaching gap that existing in many companies.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: AI is the future of Salesforce
    source: Forbes
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Whilst AI technology will not displace the importance of human contact and relationships – people do still buy from people BUT it will allow sales teams to build credibility earlier in the sales process. If customers are researching your business for a significant amount of time without talking directly then your organisation will need to have differentiated by providing more insight across the buying cycle than your competitors.
      
      Artificial Intelligence embedded into your go-to-market strategy could represent the first significant “revolution” rather than “evolution” in sales and customer engagement for a long time. But whilst it has the potential to increase commercial productivity, the question is whether it will restrict individuals learning the importance of creativity and flexibility as a part of their development. Regardless it will be fascinating to see how this develops.
      
      Learn more here: https://www.salesforce.com/uk/products/einstein/overview/
id: 6a9a8ab9-8c04-4770-a53c-3b19b5baacfb
