title: How do we get better at delivering VALUE
subtitle: What we learnt from an afternoon with Facebook
intro_image: /assets/facebook.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/gensler_facebook0.jpg
comments: false
most_read: false
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: |
      I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress.
    source: Mark Zuckerberg
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      We recently had the opportunity to spend some time at Facebook in New York where we shared ideas on a range of topics from culture and innovation through to sales and marketing. Their key motto is 'Move Faster' which has have evolved over the years from 'Move Fast and Break Things' and regardless of whether you identify with Facebook, it shows a mindset that any organisation interested in growth can learn from. This mantra drives everything Facebook does from how they organise their teams, their work environment, office design, hiring process and engineering processes.
      
      We found more inspiration in one afternoon at Facebook than years working with other enterprise companies who either deliberately or as a result of their historical approach to growth, do exactly the opposite of what Facebook preaches.
      
      Unsurprisingly their internal mottos have become public knowledge given the interest in their business, now being a public company and a need to attract the best talent.
      
      A business mindset that centres on getting things done quickly and innvoation to achieve that goal is attractive to future employees AND to potential customers!
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/Facebook Pic.jpg
    caption: How do we make the trains run on time?!?
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Our customers are a range of technology and professional services companies that are looking to grow and scale effectively. There is a constant aspiration to improve the way they deliver value to their customers. Any business that delivers projects to customers wants to ensure that they can improve the quality of delivery. Their ability to renew customers, grow those relationships and ultimately sell more product and service hinges on ensuring that they meet and hopefully exceed customer expectations when it comes to project work.
      
      So what can these types of companies learn from our friends at Facebook?
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/marc z.jpg
    caption: Can you Move Faster?
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      >How long does it take you to deliver a project/solution/service to a customer?
      
      1 week, 3 months, 3 years?
      
      Regardless of the time horizon, it is likely that your customers would like your product or service sooner.
      
      What would it take to reduce the amount of time by 20%? What would this mean for your business?
      
      There are a few areas where things can slow down
      
      **Alignment with your sales team**
      
      If you don't have a clear view of the pipeline or forecasted work and the requirements from the customer then you will start slowly and have to spend too much time in the handover. Worse you could have project managers going into customers with no idea about what the project is and asking the exact same questions that your pre-sales team did. Result: An irate customer who thinks you are wasting their time!
      
      In progressive organisations, the sales leaders evaluate their teams forecast and communicate to delivery colleagues a realistic picture of which projects will land and when. Technology means that you can now also notify your project team of what's upcoming, the requirements and timeline automatically so that they can prepare. Many of our customers use Salesforce and they map details from the opportunity at a pre-sale stage over to their delivery team in the form of a project with the all of the information on scope and timelines.
      
      **Mobilising your project team**
      
      The development and engineering teams at Facebook have invested heavily in collaboration, communications and tools that maximise the productivity of the group. A key facet of this is the ability to mobilise resources quickly and ensure that they match skills and knowledge to the appropriate challenge. Consider this... if a customer came to you tomorrow and said "I want to start next week on this scope of work. Can you make that happen and who will be working with us?". How difficult would it be to answer that question? For many companies it takes them hours to get the information they need to answer those BASIC questions.
      
      **Don't reinvent the wheel!**
      
      It is remarkable how few organisations recognise the commonality in what they deliver to customers. What do we mean by this? Think about the last 5 projects you delivered to your clients - in some cases the content or focus of the project might be different. If you are a creative agency for example you may have received 5 different briefs from prospective clients which means your ideas or "the what" you produced was different but the way in which you came up with these ideas was likely the same "the how" or your process. Facebook's engineering teams understand intimately HOW to problem solve and recognise that whilst you can have two entirely different technical challenges - the way in which they get to a solution to solve that problem follows a common path. Getting better at delivering value to customers is all about repeatability and scalability and step one is knowing HOW you do what you do. Learn how to unpack this, identify areas for improvement and templatise your approach.
id: 6c2577fa-9942-444a-a4c8-4409e186492a
