title: Salesforce World Tour New York
subtitle: Stop being busy and start being cool in NYC
intro_image: /assets/Screen Shot 2017-03-29 at 09.51.11.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Screen Shot 2017-03-29 at 09.42.00.png
comments: true
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: One belongs to New York instantly, one belongs to it as much in five minutes as in five years.
    source: Tom Wolfe
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      **The very best of Salesforce is blazing its way to New York City!**
      
      GET READY FOR...
      
      Customers. AI. Lightning. Digital. Trail Blazers. Innovation. Being Bold. Connected Experiences. Passion. Pretzels. Innovation. Transformation. Einstein. Ecosystems. Excitement. Clouds & Rainbows. IOT. Big Data. Commerce Cloud. Quip. Comfortable Shoes. Learning. Partners. Sales. Marketing. Service. Communities. Apps. Change. Disruption. New Yorkers.
      
      The World Tour provides an amazing chance to learn how leading organisations are investing for the future. These events bring together thousands of people from around the world, across a huge range of industries and cultures. Something you will hear time and again from attendees is how inspiring it is to see what's possible and the opportunities for innovation.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/Untitled presentation.jpg
    caption: Precursive takes a bite out of the Big Apple
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      **Precursive are delighted to be sponsoring this year's World Tour in New York!**
      
      We're excited to share our experience and that of some of our most progressive customers on a range of themes that present in a number of industries.
      
      Here are some of the hot topics that we'll be happy to speak about at the event!
      
      > Mad Men 2.0
      
      Things are changing rapidly for the great and the good of the creative sector. The world made famous by Donald Draper et al is continuing to change and their investment in technology is steadily increasing. Whilst many agencies saw 'sales' as a dirty word previously, no longer with Salesforce playing a key role in supporting the growth of commercial activities as well as ensuring that the work itself is delivered to a high standard. If you are in this space, you'll likely see that whilst creativity and great ideas are still of great interest to clients; they also want you to differentiate on their ability to get the right people on the right project at the right time!
      
      Through our work with Kantar, Omnicom and WPP - we see the best looking to build a reputation for creativity AND reliability.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/mad men.jpg
    caption: 'What are you famous for? '
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      > Communications-as-a-Service
      
      Given the levels of commoidisation and price pressure that many have felt in the telcoms and IT service markets, we often see traditional providers shifting to offering broader *'solutions'*. As traditional revenue streams have become highly competitive and declined in profitability - many service providers have turned their attention to offering Digital Propositions, IOT, and now even "Connectivity Solutions". However this has proved difficult, as those 'old world' telcos are playing catch up in terms of talent, agility and technology because they now compete with internet companies turned platform/software/data/whatever-you-want behemouths. For most it has proved extremely difficult to rebuild the plane whilst it's in flight.
      
      Therefore operational excellence and ability to deliver are paramont. In the words of one executive we encountered: "Our problems START when we close the deal! It takes a more than 200 days to get a solution out of the factory from that signature and in some cases we aren't getting paid properly more than half a year...we're effectively *signing up to losing money*."
      
      We'll be sharing how the service culture starts by having better aligned sales and delivery orgnisations with the Salesforce platform presenting a unique opportunity to achieve this integration.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/brick phone.jpg
    caption: '#80sConnectivity'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      > Riding the crest of a WAVE
      
      RIP Metrics. Long Live Analytics. The most common complaint we've heard from companies about the data they produce and metrics they track is that is doesn't really change human or organisational behaviour in a meaningful way. As a sales leader, you can have a dashboard set up that tells you that you are going to hit or miss your number this month or that the pipeline is light for your first half. That same dashboard probably won't tell you why, change behaviours or predict when it will happen in the future until it's too late.
      
      The missing piece of the data jigsaw is often the inability to predict important events.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/Wave Pic.png
    caption: "Surf's Up! "
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      However with Salesforce's investment in AI, you can now discover hidden patterns in your data, predict future trends AND recommend the most productive actions. What does this mean for you? Well you can build predictability into your business by knowing the right questions to ask of your business and your customers.
      
      At World Tour New York, Precursive will preview how to combine project delivery data with Salesforce's Wave Analytics Cloud to map patterns of:
      
      + Where projects go off course and why
      + Crunching pipeline and sold work data to predict capacity needs
      + Hiring more of the RIGHT skill sets ahead of the curve
      + Interpreting delivery data to optimise where you sell and go-to-market
      
      If you want to reach out and discuss any of these topics at the event or in advance, feel free to get in touch!
      
      [To find out more about the event click here](https://www.salesforce.com/events/worldtour/nyc/)
id: faf04896-914e-4ec7-91a7-18c4c16e6a00
