title: What is the Digital Workplace? Is it for me?
subtitle: "The romance & reality of the 'digital workplace'"
intro_image: /assets/Digital Workplace.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Digital Workplace.jpg
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      The Digital Workplace enables new, more effective ways of working; raises employee engagement and
      agility; and exploits consumer-oriented styles and technologies.
    source: Gartner
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Our customers sit across a range of industries including professional services, creative, telecoms, manufacturing, and IT services. Many of these organisations are going through some form of 'Digital Transformation' but perhaps a more accurate term would be 'Digital Moderinsation'. For many businesses, their ways of working and infrastructure can be rooted in the past. Given the shifting patterns of workforce behaviour and in particular the demand for more flexibility from employers - it is not uncommon to see businesses looking to differentiate by offering a new form of 'Digital Workplace' which means that "you can work from anywhere". This is the 'Romance' of this emerging way of working that many now aspire to.
      
      So what is the Digital Workplace and could it be right for me and my business?
      
      Accenture states that "today's evolving workplace technologies present both opportunity and disruption for end user and support organizations. Employees push for increased mobility, personalization and flexibility in the workplace, while corporate IT seeks to control access, standardize processes and ensure compliance."
      
      > Put another way: "We want to ensure that everyone is able to work where they want with the same flexibility as if they came into our office."
      
      So is this possible? Is it benefiticial? How do we do it? How much will it cost?
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: "I'm thinking about letting people work from home. It would be one day a week - a Wednesday. How do I know that everyone's working? How do you guys do it?"
    source: 'Founder & MD, UK Brand Consultancy '
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      This is pretty much verbatum, the question I was asked by a friend who viewed working from home as a bold step, fraught with risk. Suspicion basically. Frankly this type of mindset is not uncommon and not entirely unreasonable if you consider the perspective. This person started a business more than 10 years ago and has grown their company into one of the world's most successful event and brand consultancies employing more than 100 people in the UK, USA and Australia. What happens if we change things and it goes wrong?
      
      The flipside of this, is what happens if you DON'T?
      
      Going back to Gartner's definition there are three words that standout:
      
      1) Effective
      
      In this context, they are describing 'effective ways of working' and this is crucial. Everyone works in different ways but one constant is that being like flexibility. Previously technology could not really enable the 'effective' part - many will have experienced trying to logon to their dodgy VPN network in a hotel room on a business trip, without success. Technology now allows you to be effective from anywhere. Can you afford NOT to at least offer this option?
      
      2) Engagement
      
      Deloitte predicts that 'Millenials' will make up 75% of the global workforce by 2025. This group of people are as motivated by a 'job for life' or 'lots of money' but rather more 'work-life balance'. One of the key levers for improving engagement is empowerment and you are empowering your staff when you give them options and to be in control of where they work. Enabling your staff to work anywhere shows a level of trust which helps to create engagement. Can you afford NOT to offer this specifically to THIS group of the workforce?
      
      3) Agility
      
      At Precursive our staff work in a range of places be it London, Poland or Spain (our office is on the beach - if you are going to have an office, it should be on the beach right?). A couple of people go to our office but most work from home or sometimes the offices of our clients! We use things like Slack for internal communications, Google for external communications, Salesforce for CRM, and Precursive for managing people and projects. Speed in our business is crucial because we are growing quickly, it differentitates us from our competition and our teams want to work at pace. We have a lot of engineers and developers who live and breath agility, sprinting and innovation.
      
      So what's our opinion on the Digital Workplace...
      
      Is it perfect? No.
      Do you have to work at it? Yes.
      
      But this is true of anything, in any business. This is the 'Reality'.
id: 3ef120a8-6cc7-46fc-b5fd-0eb9eab22c86
