title: Do sales and delivery really hate each other?
subtitle: Its not me, its you...
intro_image: /assets/i hate you.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/i hate you.jpg
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      A lack of alignment and trust between sales and services delivery leads to lost opportunities,
      miss-set client expectations, underscoped projects and poor resource utilization
    source: 'SPI Research '
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: >
      Anyone who has worked in the service industry will have witnessed at some point the tension between
      sales and delivery. Sales asks and Operations must deliver; but this often isn’t as
      straightforward as promised. Alignment of sales and delivery is key to happiness on both sides –
      so how can your business achieve this?!
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/shouting.jpeg
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      > Productise Solutions
      
      The biggest problem that divides sales and operations is a misunderstanding around ability to deliver. While a bespoke solution requested in detail by your client might seem a fantastic result to them, in all likelihood this won’t solve the problem you can help them with.
      
      There are two sides to this: First, that promising something your team will find almost impossible to deliver (and almost certainly impossible to deliver on-time and on-budget) does not bode well for a successful business relationship. Second, that your client doesn’t necessarily know the ideal solution to their problem – and thus, what to ask for.
      
      For example, at Precursive the majority of the businesses we speak to already have resource management systems and processes in place, and often ask us just to solve one or two specific problems, whilst keeping the rest of the setup as it is. However, once our consultants have undertaken a review of the processes, we often find that there are certain best practices they could follow that would greatly increase efficiency – and so we offer them a setup that will help them achieve this, rather than the specifics they ask for. Inevitably, clients end up happier with this type of purchase, as you’re actually using your own expertise to help their business grow.
      
      Don’t just bow down to every demand and every timeline request from your customers because in the end, you will miss deadlines – particularly around areas where you have less expertise.
      
      Ask yourself this question:
      
      > “If we could sell our solution in the way that it should be configured or customised, and deliver it using our implementation methodology – would it deliver value to our customers?”
      
      The answer should be ‘yes’ – and this is what your sales teams should be selling.
      
      So as a business, think more about your combination of product, service, consulting, and support, and how this is best delivered to help your customers achieve their goals. Then help customers understand why it should be delivered that way.
id: 03dc3c68-c80b-4dce-b111-d80ce674941d
