title: "I don't know how to put this, I'm kind of a big deal"
subtitle: How to build a reputation for delivery excellence
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Anchorman_ron.jpg
comments: false
most_read: false
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      Firms with strong positive reputations attract better people. They are perceived as providing more
      value, which often allows them to charge a premium. Their customers are more loyal and buy broader
      ranges of products and services.
    source: 'Professor Robert G. Eccles - Harvard Business School'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      We recently had the opportunity to spend some time at Facebook in New York where we were sharing ideas on a wide range of topics including culture, sales learning and how to get global teams working well together. One of their key mottos is 'Move Faster' which has have evolved over the years from 'Move Fast and Break Things' and regardless of whether you identify yourself with Facebook, it speaks to a mindset that many organisations can learn from. This mantra drives everything they do at their business from how they organise their teams, their work environment, office design, benefits programme, hiring process and engineering strategy.
      
      I drew more inspiration in one afternoon from their business than years working with other enterprise companies who either deliberately or as a result of their historical approach to growth, do exactly the opposite of what Facebook preaches.
      
      Unsurprisingly their internal mottos have become public knowledge given the interest in their business, being a public company and also needing to attract the best talent.
      
      Having a business mindset that centres on getting things done quickly and innvoation to achieve that goal is attractive to future employees AND to potential customers!
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/Facebook Pic.jpg
    caption: 'Idea Generation @ Facebook '
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Our customers are a range of technology and professional services companies that are looking to grow and scale effectively. There is a constant aspiration to improve the way they deliver value to their customers. Any business that delivers projects to customers wants to ensure that they can improve the quality of delivery. Their ability to renew customers, grow those relationships and ultimately sell more product and service hinges on ensuring that they meet and hopefully exceed customer expectations when it comes to project work.
      
      So what can these types of companies learn from our friends at Facebook?
      
      > Can you #Move Faster?
      
      How long does it take you to delivery a project with a customer? 1 week, 3 months, 3 years? Regardless of the time horizon, it is likely that your customers would like your product or service sooner (and probably at a lower cost). What would it take to reduce the amount of time by 20%? What would this mean for your business?
      
      There are a few key areas where projects slow down:
      
      **Alignment with your sales team.**
      
      If you don't have a clear view of the pipeline or forecasted work and the requirements from the customer then you will start slowly and have to spend too much time in the handover. Automation technology means that you can now notify your project team of what's upcoming, the requirements and timeline automatically so that they can prepare.
      
      **Mobilising your team**
      
      The development and engineering teams at Facebook have invested heavily in collaboration, communications and tools that maximise the productivity of the group. A key facet of this is the ability to mobilise resources quickly and ensure that they match skills and knowledge to the appropriate challenge. Consider this... if a customer came to you tomorrow and said "I want to start next week on this scope of work. Can you make that happen and who will be working with us?". How difficult would it be to answer that question? For many companies it takes them hours to get the information they need to answer those BASIC questions.
id: 6c2577fa-9942-444a-a4c8-4409e186492a
