title: Building customer relationships that last
subtitle: Balancing short terms gains with long term health
intro_image: /assets/built to last.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/plan comes together.png
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      It’s not three-month-old babies that keep me awake at night. It’s the continuous focus on the
      short term.
    source: Sir Martin Sorrell
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Sir Martin Sorrell knows his onions, you don't get to the top and stay at the top for as long as he has without knowing proverbial onions. What is his greatest worry?  What does he believe will have the greatest negative impact on future growth? The answer... Short-termism.
      
      Now take a moment and think about this issue. Have you seen this happen in your company? Ever had a manager, you could describe that way? Maybe you worked at a public company that thought that way and acted accordingly come end of quarter if things weren't where they needed to be?!?!
      
      We would imagine it is actually quite a common topic for many. Perhaps we don't like to admit it but maybe this mindset or approach happens ALL THE TIME.
      
      So what does this mean for us as individuals and the businesses we manage or work in.
  - 
    type: image
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Please give some thought to your top 10 customers. Got the list in your head? OK, now write down on a piece of paper these things:
      
      1) Describe your relationship with each customer in one word
      
      2) In your last three interactions with the customer, which of the following most applied:
      
      a) relationship building
      b) value adding activities to grow share of wallet
      c) firefighting for no reason
      d) an escalation
      e) solving problems that aren't valued by the customer
      
      3) What's the lifetime value of this customer to your company?
      
      Now review your answers, if the words that describe your relationship with the customer are aligned to short term gains AND the last interactions with the customer featured mostly c's, d's and e's... then something is amiss. Factor in revenues for the Customer Lifetime Value and this can often crystalise how important it is to refocus your customer engagement around meaningful things that will serve both your interests in the long term.
      
      The very best supplier/customer relationships are thought of by both parties as a partnership. Customers don't mind paying money for a partnership that creates value.
      
      If you are really really *busy* trying desperately to keep customers happy in the short term but not actually doing anything that supports both of your long term growth aspirations then its going to end...badly.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/busy image-1489935983.jpeg
    caption: "Being busy isn't cool "
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: >
      So how do we quickly rebuild our approach to managing our customers so that those relationships are
      "built to last"
id: a8e95e2e-1e5b-4d55-b567-2444e4a4ab38
