title: The Wonderful World of Sales
subtitle: "Its a crazy mixed up world we're living in"
intro_image: /assets/sales-process.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/sales101.jpg
comments: true
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: "I'm going anyway. Let's talk about something important. Put. That coffee. Down. "
    source: Blake, Glengarry Glen Ross
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      I'm not from Mitch & Murray. I'm not from downtown. I didn't drive an $80,000 BMW to work.... it would be somewhat pointless as I work from home.
      
      However - like Blake from one of my favourite 80s movies, Glengarry Glen Ross by David Mamet - I would like to talk about something important. How. To sell. More.
      
      Given the plethora of information out there about different approaches to sales, sale methodologies, buying behaviour, digital disruption, new sales hacks, sales automation tools and a like - we thought it would be nice to share some pragmatic perspective about how we observe the most progressive commercial minds approaching things.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/The-Changing-Buyer-Behaviour---Infographic.jpg
    caption: '60% of the time, it works everytime'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Go on any sales consulting website and you will get bombarded with %'s relating to everything from how people are more connected, how 'buyer journies' are changing through to the fact that a B2B buyer KNOWS what you did last summer...
      
      All of this data should be taken with a pince of salt because the world is a little simpler than many would claim. People still buy things. People still sell things. There is a piece in the middle where you talk and then someone signs something and all hell breaks lose.
      
      Here is something I found interesting. 100 million businesses are launched annually according to figures form the GEM Global Report. That's a lot. That's 11,000 per hour, or three per second. That means in the time that it takes me to write this blog there will be about 100 new companies out there... selling stuff.
      
      Now there are 130 million births per year in the world every year. The volume of people entering the world doesn't correlate with the number of people working. So there definitely aren't hundreds of millions of new buyers of stuff. In fact the addressable buying market is arguably shrinking due to everything from automation to M&A.
      
      *What does this mean?*
      
      Loads more people selling stuff X less people to buy = ?
      
      It means...
      
      1) No-one reads emails that aren't from their colleagues, boss, wife or friends. They definitely don't read ones that have a subject line: "Are you free to talk this week?"
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/Screen Shot 2017-03-12 at 14.12.26.png
    caption: I do but not with you
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      2) People will contact you for 'information' and/or requesting a demo and they have NO intention of buying anything at all ever. It's incredible that they would waste your time and their own but it really does happen. Perhaps they are lonely?
      
      3) Buyers are informed/empowered/worried/fussy/slow/cautious/suffering buyer's remorse. Don't forget that they are people and therefore emotional!
      
      You can go and read elsewhere in amazing amounts of depth the research and insight that is around of how things are changing and what to do about it. However here are some simple things that we see really smart commercial minds doing:
      
      > **Qualification** - more important than ever. Don't waste your time on time wasters. The market is to hard to be led up the garden path and into a rabbit warren of dyfunctional and irrational buying behaviour.
      
      > **Context** - you need to get really smart and really quick at understanding the context for why a buyer is talking to you. And what's going on in their world/company/function/head.
      
      > **Plain speaking** - remember, when you leave the room or your prospect - they don't sit there are say "Let's sit around and have a strategic and well mannered conversation about the value proposition of that supplier". They probably say something like "whatdya reckon?".
      
      > **Get personal** - yes there are %'s galore about buying behaviours. The best understand that emotions are playing as big a factor as ever in a risk averse world. You need to tap into the personal and emotional motivations of your prospects.
      
      Finally if you haven't got your finger on the pulse of sales technologies yet, then you want to start learning as quickly as possible. Remember if there are 1000s more people targeting the same number of prospects, it might make sense to get a leg up on the rest by investing in the right tech to increase proctivity of your people. They will need to work 10 times harder to differentiate themselves and actually cut through the noise to even speak to a prospect.
id: d39189fb-a9b3-4f0b-8d20-e4afbe4a7496
