title: Sales Methodologies 101
subtitle: How to combine different approaches for success
intro_image: /assets/sales-process.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/sales101.jpg
comments: true
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: "I'm going anyway. Let's talk about something important. Put. That coffee. Down. "
    source: Blake, Glengarry Glen Ross
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      I'm not from Mitch & Murray. I'm not from downtown. I didn't drive an $80,000 BMW to work.... it would be somewhat pointless as I work from home.
      
      However - like Blake from one of my favourite 80s movies, Glengarry Glen Ross by David Mamet - I would like to talk about something important. How. To sell. More.
      
      Given the plethora of information out there about different approaches to sales, sale methodologies, buying behaviour, digital disruption, new sales hacks, sales automation tools and a like - we thought it would be nice to share some pragmatic perspective about how we observe the most progressive commercial minds approaching things.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/The-Changing-Buyer-Behaviour---Infographic.jpg
    caption: '60% of the time, it works everytime'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Go on any sales consulting website and you will get bombarded with %'s relating to everything from how people are more connected, how 'buyer journies' are changing through to the fact that a B2B buyer KNOWS what you did last summer...
      
      All of this data should be taken with a pince of salt because the world is a little simpler than many would claim. People still buy things. People still sell things. There is a piece in the middle where you talk and then someone signs something and all hell breaks lose.
      
      Here is something I found interesting. 100 million businesses are launched annually according to figures form the GEM Global Report. That's a lot. That's 11,000 per hour, or three per second. That means in the time that it takes me to write this blog there will be about 100 new companies out there... selling stuff.
      
      Now there are 130 million births per year in the world every year. The volume of people entering the world doesn't correlate with the number of people working. So there definitely aren't hundreds of millions of new buyers of stuff. In fact the addressable buying market is arguably shrinking due to everything from automation to M&A.
      
      *What does this mean?*
      
      Loads more people selling stuff X less people to buy = ?
id: d39189fb-a9b3-4f0b-8d20-e4afbe4a7496
