title: Welcome to our Executive Insight Series
subtitle: Spotlight on innovation at Live Nation
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/live nation-1490194712.jpg
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: '**Welcome to our executive insights series where we have the opportunity to learn from innovators across a range of industries. In this interview, we have the privilege of speaking with Joel Wolinsky from Live Nation about a range of things including the role of digital and big data in entertainment, the rise of the ‘experience economy’ and why good old fashioned storytelling is still essential as a part of connecting with customers.**'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Precursive: Hello Joel, great to meet you and we appreciate the time. Let’s start with a little bit about yourself and what you do?
      
      > **Joel** Hi, my name is Joel Wolinsky and I’m the VP of National Alliances at Live Nation Entertainment, the world’s largest live entertainment company. My job entails me working with brands, who wish to leverage the passion point of music and culture to reach the widest possible audience. This is done through a multitude of platforms we at Live Nation have at our fingertips; from experiential to content and digital as well as audience solutions and consumer analytics.
      
      Precursive: Joel, you have had an amazing career across some great organisations including Yahoo, MTV, Cirque de Soleil, AEG and now Live Nation. What drove your initial interest in this sector?
      
      > **Joel** I initially started off in the producing side of the business. I always interested in music and the dynamic of concerts/festivals/events and their ability to bring people together. I had started a company with another friend when I was at University, based in Montreal, Canada. We started organizing events for friends which kind of snowballed in working with different faculties at the school to book their events around fresher/starter weeks, etc. We realized we had a ‘knack’ for it because at the end of our first year we were pulling in about 2000 people bi-monthly to these events. From thereon in we started to gather a name for ourselves and in turn, began working with companies/brands that wanted to penetrate the 18-24 youth market. They rest, as they say, is history.
      
      Precursive: Having spent time across a range of companies, what are some of the commonalities that you've seen in how partnerships are structured?
      
      > **Joel** Joel: I think the partnership landscape has truly evolved in the past 10 years to encompass so many different platforms and opportunities. This has ultimately lead to changes in how we, as an industry, structure partnerships. Whereas ten years ago ‘sponsorship’ might have meant slapping your logo on some marketing and having a 20x20 activation at the event, we’re now seeing clients want to be part of the consumer journey and conversation the other 364 days outside of the concert/event going experience. Content production and ‘big data’ play a big role in most of today’s partnerships. A lot of brands are now looking for an ROI on their partnership deals which sometimes can be done.
  - 
    type: image
    image:
      - /assets/Big Data-1490196466.jpg
    caption: Content production and ‘big data’ play a big role in most of today’s partnerships
id: 6a4690a2-46f4-44a9-b5f4-90ad4b24949d
