title: How to be a Workforce Planning Ninja
subtitle: 3 key steps to Workflow Bliss
intro_image: /assets/bliss 2-1495923916.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/bliss-1495923922.jpg
comments: false
most_read: false
author:
  - f0946120-ab22-46ec-8fd2-f19814d8fb5a
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: First learn stand, then learn fly. Nature rule Daniel-san, not mine
    source: Mr Miyagi
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      In the 1984 classic, the Karate Kid, Daniel Larusso learns from his mentor, Mr Miyagi, that the secret to Karate and also life, lies in the mind and heart not in the hands. Here at Precursive we are big fans of 80s movies and being able to draw tenous (but nevertheless effective) links to how to achieve more effectiveness in the workplace. In our experience, if you wish to achieve workflow bliss in your business then you need to win hearts and minds and the best way to do this is not with your fists!
      
      For anyone who works in a company where you rely on delivering a great customer experience then all too often you may find yourself in a state of perpetual frenzy. Why? Because for many it is entirely too difficult to answer some simple yet fundamental questions about the underlying mechanics of how their business runs. For project based businesses like consultancies, creative agencies, telecoms or high tech firms - rates of growth are driven by your ability to leverage your people as effectively as possible. In the words of a CEO for one of our clients, "Our most valuable asset goes down in the lift at the end of each day."
      
      How can it be that the most simplistic of questions such as "Who is available?" or "How is that project going?" - are often the most difficult to answer?
  - 
    type: image
    image: /assets/migayi.jpeg
    caption: Man who catch fly with chopstick, accomplish anything
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      What many organisations fail to realise is that your ability to get the right people onto the right projects at the right time can influence a broad range of issues such as individual project success, contract renewals, upsell and cross-sell opportunities, earned value %'s, EBIT, staff retention and don't forget your brand reputation!
      
      Here are 3 tips for success based upon what we've learned.
  - 
    type: image
    image: /assets/lego people.jpg
    caption: Unsurprisingly, everything starts with people!
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      >*PEOPLE*
      
      There are two primary groups of people that need to work well together in your business. Sales and Delivery.
      Within those teams there are a subset of three further groups: leadership, managers and the front-line teams. Ordinarily the alignment between these teams is not as good as it could be and in some cases can be down-right confrontational. In very simple terms, your delivery team needs some line of sight into the volume and type of upcoming work. Ideally they will need to know the scope of work and resources required to deliver to customer expectations. However in most companies the quality of communication between these teams is poor and in many cases the underlying understanding of what the different teams do is also missing. Here are a few quick recommendations to make things run more smoothly:
      
      1) Don't rely on the sales teams forecast, particularly their closing dates because these will be inaccurate or get pushed back in many cases. Your sales leaders should be taking their teams forecast and using their own knowledge and experience of how their team forecasts to provide a more realistic number to your delivery team.
      
      2) Your front-line teams should shadow their peers in different departments as a part of their job and ideally their onboarding - this helps to build relationships but will also reduce the amount of hospital passes thrown from the sales team to your delivery colleagues.
      
      3) Set up a monthly meeting with both teams in attendance to cover: forecasted work, project updates and examples of collaboration. Keep the sessions short and sharp and have two people, one from each team facilitate the discussion. Change the facilitators each time. Make these sessions mandatory, even for your top performing sales people! If you can't get your teams to buy into working as a team then the right kind of growth - easier, lower cost growth (within existing acccounts for example) won't happen in a sustainable way!
id: 5ff21f7a-43da-4cc2-a17d-af75c8fb7dae
