title: C Space Goes Precursive
subtitle: C Space selects Precursive to help improve productivity and profitability
intro_image: /assets/Smaller-Image.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Precursive---C-Space-goes-Precursive-linkedinheader.png
public_date: 2016-04-06
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      **C Space - the leading customer collaboration consultancy - has selected Precursive to provide a resource allocation soluation to support the growth of its business and continue its investment in technology applications for its staff.**
      
      The three-year agreement will allow C Space to optimise its approach to resource management, provide an accurate view of project financials, and ensure easy time recording through mobile devices.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: 'We are looking to increase overall efficiency and improve our business processes in order to support the future growth of our business. We selected Precursive as a strategic partner to support these needs due to the functionality and simplicity of their solution - but also because of the quality of advice they provide throughout.'
    source: Graham Cannon, Head of Operations
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: "We recognise that the quality of data and reporting across topics like utilisation, project budgets and revenue realisation is critical for making better business decisions. Precursive's solution provides real-time data across all these areas and allows us to make more informed decisions and take corrective action where necessary."
    source: Christopher Howard, Director of Finance
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      About C Space
      
      CSpace is a customer collaboration consultancy that connects the world’s best-known brands with the people they serve to create Customer Inspired Growth. The organisation’s expertise is in building real, on-going relationships with target customers – online and in-person – so companies have better and measurable access to customers’ creativity, instincts, and smarts. Services include private online communities, immersive storytelling, activation events, and innovation projects – all designed to bring the customer inside every department to enable fast, confident action.
      
      Headquartered in Boston, London, and Shanghai, CSpace has offices in Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Amsterdam, and Mexico City. CSpace is a part of the DAS Group of Companies. By cultivating connections between companies and their customers, CSpace helps businesses grow, improve performance, and design the products, services, and experiences customers want.
      
      About Precursive
      
      Precursive is the leading workforce planning provider for forward thinking companies. The preferred solution for creative agencies, consultancies, media, technology and telecoms. Precursive is native to the Salesforce platform enabling customers to increase revenue and profitability.
      Founded in 2013 and headquartered in London, Precursive helps companies grow through better workforce planning, resource allocation and project management.
      For more information, visit www.precursive.com or follow us on Twitter at @precursive.
components: [ ]
id: e4ea645c-9634-4afa-b725-0db8dfd757ec
