title: 'Armstrong Craven Goes Precursive '
subtitle: Armstrong Craven continues partnership with Precursive to drive next phase of growth
intro_image: /assets/armstrong-craven-360x225.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Precursive---Armstrong-Craven-goes-Precursive-linkedinheader.png.png
public_date: 2017-09-28
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Armstrong Craven is a global talent mapping and pipelining partner for scarce and senior positions. Working with leaders of some of the world’s most influential and respected businesses to build and deliver bespoke, innovative and client-owned Mapping, Pipelining and Insight services fully attuned to their business and HR priorities.
      
      The on-going partnership will ensure Armstrong Craven continues to utilise a best-in-class solution for resource allocation and workforce planning. Precursive’s solution helps Armstrong Craven to understand the availability of capacity of their staff and monitor the time spent on projects. Staff are able to record their time on projects and tasks easily on any device. Armstrong Craven’s finance team is able to access a range of reports and data on people and project performance.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: 'We help our clients answer some of their most challenging talent related issues - our team needs to be responsive and aligned to their needs. Our goal is to give our staff the best tools to help them do their jobs more effectively. Precursive is an example of having an application that is easy for people to use but provides the business with a wealth of valuable data on how we are performing.'
    source: Rory Fitzpatrick, Senior Management Accountant
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: 'The team at Precursive have been a breath of fresh air to work with - they are very pragmatic and have helped us to address challenges we’ve faced as we continue to grow. Precursive’s solution is pretty simple to use and the implementation was straightforward - importantly they continue to engage with us and their support team is responsive. Given how quickly their company is growing, that continuity of service is pleasing to see.'
    source: Paul Finch, IT Manager
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      About Armstrong Craven
      
      Armstrong Craven is a global insight, talent mapping and pipelining specialist with offices in the UK and Singapore. Working across a number of industry sectors including Technology, Healthcare and Life Sciences, Professional and Financial Services, Industrial and Consumer. Armstrong Craven’s clients are some of the world’s most influential and respected businesses, and are often undergoing transformational change and need to identify and recruit high demand or specialised talent. Using industry-focused specialists to identify and engage with key people in their sectors around the world, they gain insight into their markets, organisations or individual motivations and aspirations. The result is bespoke, client owned Mapping, Pipelining and Insight services fully attuned to business and HR priorities. For more information, visit www.armstrongcraven.com
      
      About Precursive
      
      Precursive is the leading workforce planning provider for forward thinking companies. The preferred solution for creative agencies, consultancies, media, technology and telecoms. Precursive is native to the Salesforce platform enabling customers to increase revenue and profitability.
      Founded in 2013 and headquartered in London, Precursive helps companies grow through better workforce planning, resource allocation and project management.
      For more information, visit www.precursive.com or follow us on Twitter at @precursive.
components: [ ]
id: 2c11655f-2ddf-417a-8135-17d9e3d1361b
