title: Europanel Goes Precursive
subtitle: 'Europanel selects Precursive to support growth via a world-class resource planning solution '
intro_image: /assets/europanel-720x-450.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Precursive---Europanel-goes-Precursive-linkedinheader.png.png
public_date: 2017-10-12
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      **Europanel – a leading provider of purchase panels delivering unparalleled global consumer knowledge to their clients. - has selected Precursive to support the growth of its business and continue its investment in innovative technology for their staff.**
      
      The partnership will allow Europanel to improve their approach to resource allocation, workforce planning, monitoring project budgets, and ensure easy timekeeping through mobile devices.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      We provide consumer insights to a number of the world’s leading brands; customer experience and
      the quality of our insight is paramount. As a business we continually look to achieve customer
      centricity and Precursive is a key investment to support this. We were recommended Precursive by
      some of our peers and after meeting their team and seeing their solution, we could see quickly that
      they are a great fit for our needs and culture.
    source: Robert Wade, Strategic Insights Director
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      The breadth and quality of data on key financial metrics that Precursive offers ensures that we can
      make better decisions more quickly. Precursive understand what the future of the digital workplace
      looks like and their data and analytics engine is a powerful tool to help us increase productivity.
    source: Jim Elliott, Finance Director
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      About Europanel
      
      Europanel™ measures consumer behaviour to understand market movements and their implications. Our primary sources are high quality syndicated continuous consumer panels, run in more than 50 countries by our owners GfK and Kantar - two of the top marketing information companies in the world - and our other partners. From these, we deliver actionable and creative insights to enable better business decisions.
      
      About Precursive
      
      Precursive is the leading workforce planning provider for forward thinking companies. The preferred solution for creative agencies, consultancies, media, technology and telecoms. Precursive is native to the Salesforce platform enabling customers to increase revenue and profitability.
      Founded in 2013 and headquartered in London, Precursive helps companies grow through better workforce planning, resource allocation and project management.
      For more information, visit www.precursive.com or follow us on Twitter at @precursive.
components: [ ]
id: 347597ab-6f62-491b-afdb-c1fddc6a2fbf
