title: Dreamforce 2017
subtitle: Precursive Blazes a Trail at the Learning Event of the Year
intro_image: /assets/Dreamforce-image.jpg
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/unnamed.jpg
public_date: 2017-07-02 06:36
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Precursive, the leading workforce planning provider for forward thinking companies, today announced their participation in Dreamforce 2017. As a strategic partner to Salesforce, Precursive will be presenting their vision for the Future of the Digital Workplace.
      
      Customers will learn how to navigate the challenges of growing a world-class services business and what the best companies do to innovate and create effortless customer experiences.
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: 'Speed is the currency which defines success or failure for market leading brands and those looking to accelerate growth are having to stay one step ahead of demand, be responsive and get the best out of their most valuable asset - their people. Our flexible and agile workforce planning solution ensures that you can allocate people with the right skills and knowledge for projects to support your customer requirements.'
    source: Jonathan Corrie, Chief Customer Officer
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      Precursive will profile a range of strategies to drive profitable growth, including:
      
      > Aligning sales activities with delivery teams using Salesforce, Einstein Analytics and Precursive
      
      > How to mobilise your teams quicker to improve profitability and increase customer satisfaction
      
      > Re-thinking your approach to bid management by leveraging analytics to increase win rate
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: "The pace of change across all industries is relentless. Disruption is now a perennial feature of our customer's lives and so they need to respond in real-time, with good data - to make better decisions. Opportunity exists for those obsessed with keeping customer experience at the centre of any diagloue - in doing this, you'll differentiate your brand and create long term value above your competition."
    source: Elaine Van, Customer Success Manager
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      About Precursive
      
      Precursive is the leading workforce planning provider for forward thinking companies. The preferred solution for creative agencies, consultancies, media, technology and telecoms. Precursive is native to the Salesforce platform enabling customers to increase revenue and profitability.
      Founded in 2013 and headquartered in London, Precursive helps companies grow through better workforce planning, resource allocation and project management.
      For more information, visit www.precursive.com or follow us on Twitter at @precursive.
components: [ ]
id: 8b14c980-e0bf-45a7-a45a-921110559968
