title: Softcat Goes Precursive
subtitle: Softcat Plc selects Precursive to further growth of professional services capability in the UK
intro_image: /assets/softcat-720x-450.png
hero_image: /assets/backgrounds/Precursive---Softcat-goes-Precursive-linkedinheader.png.png
public_date: 2017-08-01
replicator_content:
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      **Softcat Plc – a leading provider of IT infrastructure to the corporate and public sectors - has selected Precursive to support the ongoing growth of their business.**
      
      The partnership will allow Softcat’s professional services team to leverage a best-in-class solution for resource allocation and workforce planning. Precursive’s solution helps Softcat to understand the availability of capacity of professional services teams, as well as creating an in depth skills matrix to track knowledge, technical expertise and certifications. Project Managers and senior leaders will be able to track project costs in real-time and access in depth  reporting on key metrics such as utilisation, project profitability and capacity planning
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: "Our team design and implement complete IT solutions from straightforward software implementations through to complex, multi-site, multi vendor deployments of IT Infrastructure. We recognise the value in having a solution like Precursive  that helps us to increase efficiency and ensure that we deliver outstanding quality to fulfill our customer's requirements."
    source: 'Gareth Bowen, Director of Professional Services '
  - 
    type: blockquote
    quote: >
      The team at Precursive have a deep knowledge in helping technology and professional services teams
      to improve their ways of working which ultimately benefits our customers. We evaluated a number of
      options but could see that Precursive would help us simplify our business processes and ensure that
      our staff can work in a more collaborative way. The system generates a breadth of data that allows
      us to make better decisions at speed. We’re pleased to have found a experienced partner who are
      innovative and great to work with.
    source: 'John Hellmuth, Partner & Resource Manager'
  - 
    type: paragraph
    text: |
      About Softcat Plc
      
      Softcat is a leading IT infrastructure provider, delivering software licensing, hardware, security, managed services, cloud services and related IT services to customers in the UK.
      Softcat offer a full range of services, including advice, guidance, technical design, product sourcing, implementation, support and project management. We enjoy a trading relationship with thousands of longstanding corporate and public sector customers. With six UK offices (London, Marlow, Manchester, Bristol, Leeds, Glasgow), Softcat was voted the #1 UK Workplace in 2016.
      
      About Precursive
      
      Precursive is the leading workforce planning provider for forward thinking companies. The preferred solution for creative agencies, consultancies, media, technology and telecoms. Precursive is native to the Salesforce platform enabling customers to increase revenue and profitability.
      Founded in 2013 and headquartered in London, Precursive helps companies grow through better workforce planning, resource allocation and project management.
      For more information, visit www.precursive.com or follow us on Twitter at @precursive.
components: [ ]
id: 57c77889-b306-4ef9-9480-05a656cecdcb
